[Music]
Good evening family, how are we?
Well hello today we are the team
Today we are in full team
that yesterday I was very bad
accompanied here yesterday was I the mother
who gave birth to him I was here with him yesterday
I was here spending time as best I could
Well what's up here we are back and
with news and with news I get
I thought yesterday that we were going to get together today
to comment a little on the crying and
all that stuff But hey, it's that it is
along with more things I don't know if alanne
Carmen and fot would like to give a little of their
opinion on the subject of crying that
Alena and I were already here yesterday 4
hours with the crying and now there are things
There are new and strong things to see
and it is that or that is regarding the crying issue
in the moment of fangel after That is to say, it has
had empathy has been human with the
woman no But how could she not be human No
I mean I must be a monster but to me
sincerely that one
person the condoms that are and and give him
for the sentimental thing, I think so
I'm so sorry
but but see me they have told me in
Twitter that yes yes we are going to put the
Loli's videos are a human being but
I'm a little fed up with
the
It suits even the ovaries of the
goodness of selective empathy
then it seems that if you cry in front of
the camera You have to be superhuman
with you but if you eat the insults and
and you take the bad time away from here, right?
nothing happened and no no no let's see I think that
come on, I think that I think that we
We are distorting a little, let's see.
to see the human being himself, tell your
friend, see if she finds you one
comforter out there and comforts herself and
This is how depression is removed
Unlucky fellows, they can be a real pain in the ass
that lady but what but I can you
ensure that you also know that this
lady has used her daughter's death
to humiliate people more is worth it And the
who cries for her dead and who
uses to whitewash its image
dead are you alne ok we have already seen
to Victoria who has agreed to do a
photo of his mother's body and put my
face is that already
is
Victoria many covers what she does is
is to take the
body image above all and
put my face on his mother's body
We'll see where he took the photo.
situation ahead as a moderator you leave
Don't let them tell you, I don't know if they can tell you
that you are a cat in heat because you are leaving
scrubbing everywhere in fact
we can ask the lawyer about it
better not answer it
Well, I ask him if his [ __ ]
mother when she did it to him she was healthy or
drunk because to create a snake
as he should be put and but
Let's go up, you scoundrel
you and everyone in that [ __ ] place
shitty channel is worth the scoundrels and
wretches who exp put the obituaries
and you talk about my dead okay So
Since I don't know if she's alive, she's dead.
Victoria's mother If she is dead that
eat it So if it has died then
You know that the worms will eat it
just like when I die I will too
when you die, you wretch
Shameless Maria Jose or Maria Jesus or
the big [ __ ] whatever you want to call it
Lady, and now you can ban her.
Please if someone is there because what
I've gotten a little carried away
throat if someone is a [ __ ] without
Shame on you, Mrs. Victoria
what are they
rabid envious masochists and
worse than a person can have Okay
So if she's dead, that's her problem.
with which the kakuashi died
[ __ ] [ __ ] filthy [ __ ] sucking [ __ ]
[ __ ] daughter of a great [ __ ] come to us
[ __ ]
you bastards are [ __ ] bastards
the lady who came in says that the
Mother is dead and I am a scoundrel
Well, if she's dead, what's my fault?
that I have killed her, I have killed him
murdered I have to know the people
who has alive in his whole family and
who has dead no I am not one
I am a shameless daughter of the great
[ __ ] who's going to go after that channel with
everything possible
go because the
unfortunate people don't have to be so
fresh as
they the human being itself the Ray of
light
No, the mother in the audio did not say that
This was the ray of light that his daughter
I had found it because I didn't turn it off.
I didn't cut him
the tea is the one I've seen today
telling me eh And yesterday eh what man what
that this is a human being and how
We're going to be us So ruthless and
unarmed to give voice and react no
and answer these things to why
Of course, the other day there was a live broadcast
crying the woman you are all one
You wretches don't let insults be heard at will
really eh How
you are and the empathy that my
Pepa, the illusion of living there is what has
had real empathy has been my pppa
Peppa always went in there, always Peppa
He has always shown that he had
empathy for everyone always But
why she is human because she likes it
She hasn't cared that this lady in
one of these attacks no eh Well of course the
another day what happened to him and what he
became a little more human
because it was night. Well, there is day.
that makes you explode in a certain way and has
another day that you feel like crying
things that happen when you're having fun
but in one of these it exploded
His son accused him of a crime quite serious
fat no that was falsifying a paper
to play with an association against the
cancer no but Peppa at that time the
heart can you can you know you know
as good
person the heart first heart
First of all, I honestly don't know which of the
two parts half more I mean I understood less
the part of Peppa precisely because of what
what did you just say about gravity already
not of things that I would have said about her
which is also a very accusation
strong that has made your son you know
but the other part to me
Honestly, I was very embarrassed
foreign, that is, the fangel moment that
It seemed that he had entered the
chat I know who or is a famous person and
suddenly everything went to nothing, that is
of being hyper mega
distressed by
the sudden moments
Please, I can when you interview
to those of Big Brother I can I can
greet you
Hello, whether to enter or not to enter J that did not give
credit did not give me credit, it has given me credit
delighted the expression as a
glass of water for
she what she needs at that moment
I don't know if it was a glass of water or a ball of
oxygen Well a coffee a strong coffee a
strong coffee, my goodness
The Lolia sees the water and runs away from it.
run away from the water. Look, I mean the only thing that
I'm going to say regarding empathy is
all those who are going to accuse us of
You are inhuman, you have no empathy, you are from
the worst people in the world by
react to how this person is
take a stroll through the live stream of this
Late is good, whatever. No, they won't.
to give here because look they are surely going to
He is here watching us as we
They are looking at us who in the end are
same but we are talking
of that same person, that same person
person who the other day was so
vulnerable today he didn't give a damn
[ __ ] after exposing her to her
family hasn't mattered a damn to him
[ __ ] putting family in family
Elena but those who are It's that I
First of all, of course yesterday I felt bad.
collided two things, okay, the first thing is that
people so broadly that
suddenly he is asking for humanity and
empathy eh for this lady suddenly
were the ones who didn't care
that for months and months and
For months this lady was
saying these things that we have seen in
the cles to us eh to us this
It's a small summary, eh, or rather these
Click these 3 minute clips.
done Lili is a small summary But
This has been going on for months and weeks and
weeks and weeks when not on their own
channel in the pppa and when not
clear and they have seen her go up like that
I was there the other day a thousand times and they didn't
imported and they have left it and they have not
They have continued and no no no they have not told him
nothing has not followed perfectly with
with Loli but outside apart from that no
I understand the double standard that empathy
for her but for others while
that she has been slandering and defaming
and by doing damage nothing happened, that is
I don't understand what it is that I have
that have empathy So what is it
This lady was doing it the other day
what was wrong with him and why?
suddenly the other because he was crying
because I was
because And that Javi also that she
been laughing at both Tania and
Elena as any person who has
seen feeling ill but even they
In this case crying is finding itself
bad and she's making fun I mean yes yes yes
no kind of respect or empathy or
nothing clear and the whole chat with her one
eh all the chat with her one now that
don't come from but listen to me now that
you said that ugly yes Tania was
Here the other one, that is, that has surprised me
to me, or rather, Loli, the other day
Tania threatens that she is going to expose I don't know
what about your husband, who is your husband?
her husband or why she doesn't have a husband something
So I thought that Tania was not going to be good to him.
Tania, who is interested, doesn't even appear to cough.
sauce and tells her if she has a [ __ ] that
take out something that already has an audio that
Loli is going to leave her fried and has shut up
We are talking about a lady who
demands knows that it is sued and you
He keeps calling himself an abuser, what's wrong with him?
Tania who has silenced her but you had or
whether I do not know to what extent
There will be something serious that has not come out
not yet But he doesn't want it to be
I heard from the sister's voice that no
had the disease or rather but you had
any doubt that they were going to throw balls
out and at the moment you start
let's answer the return was going to come
for the usual ones, that is, do you have any?
slightest doubt no no no but there will be A
The best thing is that Loli has found out, she will have
well aware that the other has
threatened and said that he will take out
She is that as she is now in her Well
maybe not, it goes without, of course
hasn't she found out about that? Of course she's going
responding to things late I don't know what
It goes a little like this, buuf, maybe I don't know
have you found out yet I don't know it's that I
It seems very strange that he can endure that, because yes
The live shows of
we may not have seen it s
but but but the one the other day in the
that you were alone that one that one maybe not
have you seen the same no that no no maybe
hasn't reacted to that yet, I don't know.
have passed have not seen it I don't know Loli
that Tania threatened you that he has a
audio that harms you and that we put
Here Hey we put it here on screen in
great for when I put this tomorrow
we put a big sign here from time to time
when
hook up with the one you have to
hook up with the one who threatened you if
you have the messages from the other day
Tania Ponlos I have to start asking
sorry of course I have to start the
today's live asking for forgiveness eh the
things I I have to recognize when I
I'm wrong, I'm wrong, okay? And I have to
start today's live by asking
Sorry Margot, I'm here to get on the call, she says.
no this one no this one is not this one is not sorry
We're going to see this one too, but I have
to start by asking for forgiveness for this
Well, I have a signal for the test.
This is a video, my brother asked for it and
I say record the video so it can be seen
that it
we have Ah la
little table look and there is the microphone
delivered
the one delivered on April 4th is worth between 4
April there you can see what he gives
back and give it a pause, okay? But
see all this but come on I got involved
the microphones This is from the other day
the two buses that coincided the two
in being micro the same day is valid Yes but
all this is supposed to be in the end
the microphone because you said something about
that Loli bought it or something or or how it goes
the thing and I said coincidence
Of course LoL had it before, not Loli.
I had known how to put it before and
then he put him there as Atreus
decoration but chance is the [ __ ]
host no Or is it a coincidence that the
two on the same day of course. Well, but the thing about
Loli and I say it can't be that much
coincidence that it is true because there would be
It was a great coincidence that he had it
bought but as the other said I say eh
The Andalusian said he had bought it
The Andalusian says that it is seen that the per of
Cantabria clear Gallegos Gallegos the
Andalusian if it is possible to be Galician
impossible but as he no longer contrasts
no news or contrast anything you leave
Loli's page is worth the page of
Loli and in which was here not looking He was
I saw the microphone looked great
It's been a long time since Coo took me out
up to the micro bill for
deny
that's what it's for
mobilizes, takes out everything quickly, quickly
you are trying to say that when you have
proof of something takes it out, but quickly
Of course we don't wait until January now January
It is not known what year we are in.
April we have been here for about 8 months
waiting for the explanation of the 240 or
It has been given to us when he was accused of what
whether or not a kiss was presented
blew a kiss when Doro was accused of
present that gala
delo Ali and what about those who F who was the
day that I decided to contrast the
information here that he is telling me
I don't know if it's Asturian Galician what
Damn, it is what it is, I felt like that day
hire the information and we call the
association and the association told us that
his mother got stuck there early in the morning
In the morning I had the key to the
cancels and gave the 240 bucks he was hiding
I wanted it to be made public
Well, this is what they were going to show us.
they such and such this is that no, I don't think so
They prove so fast I don't know why not
but I believe that if the Angel has already
I've been taking things apart
tomorrow morning he won't take out the paper from the
two I have it for sure
Let's go, let him come here, Alceo, let me
The boy was asking for a debate
debate a debate now that I told you
that he comes here, he doesn't come anymore
They have to see what was waiting for them
until the end of the whole Holy Week and
all the after-parties now that
It's all over now, we're starting now
the normal rhythm of tomorrow tomorrow for sure
sure but come here damn V with
all these clicks dismantling that you me
You're acting like a damn thing, I already look like a Lego.
here without a piece come here Take me out
clip and and I dismantle here we do it in
straight damn I went to your channel
Damn, why would you humiliate me too?
Come here. Bring this little piece of paper.
From the 240 they silence us
everyone here live yig or me
has shown the bill from the table
microphone has asked the brother to
send a screen recording of
Amazon orders clear of what
interested Look how fast and while
both the other one in the little window
with the face of a penitent
so La la la marti eh la marti but to
see or so in the worst case
is worth in the worst case what you
is saying is that a person who
I would have bought a micro my daughter from my
life, I mean, I think the 240 thing is
much more serious and still not showing
proof of nothing Of course because and then
then the one they apply is I don't have
that I have to take evidence because they told me
say it clearly
Of course, of course, the thing about the microphone is a
stupidity is that you take it out Clear clear
because the worst thing is that same argument
If you notice, Loli also takes it with her.
the theme of Hey you are saying
that I have faked it to see the evidence
see get the reports out the same eh but
many things like that, just like the other one
also as soon as you tell him something he teaches
pills teach audios teach messages
teaches everything but this is not what is taught
no, he doesn't feel like it, damn it, we're not
Nobody to demand it but what does it say in
The worst case scenario is that you are being accused
that they have given you H no. Let's see, it wouldn't be
It wouldn't be as bad as but the thing is that the
background behind and I have it quite
Of course there is a microphone or there is no microphone Javi there is
a background behind a relationship that
is being resumed or is being
trying
regain empathy but for
total empathy because he is a great being
human worth And because she knows that it was that
She was a friend, she knew she was a friend to the others
no, she does not have any problem with
Marg Marg lives here next to us and
I know it's missing Call Marg on the news
marg L to lad
a very short live show for that but I
I was going to say in that and in that live By
that no longer comes out with the microphone, that is, already the
has taken because it was improvised
just to clarify Ah right yes
that was uploaded on Saturday was for
You put the microphone on and take it off
the empathy attack is not true
It's a bit strange, right? Take off the mic. And
It puts it vertically but I don't know whether it will be
because I believe that
He's doing it with his cell phone, I think.
direct La Movida is that Margot that we
that I wasn't saying that it was like that
who was a neighbor of F the whole time
link is the alloys that will have this
people we still don't know
moderator of Loli The one who uploaded to
defend her to the Elena Channel is a friend of
Peppa's whole life they know each other
They know each other from there but Margn denies it
but then Loli signs again today she has
said two or three times that yes, it is
They know what's going on They know what's going on
but I have seen Margot as
denying it seemed to me to read her denying it
denying it in a tweet Oh yeah And now
Peppa confirms that they have known each other for a long time.
life is known, Pea had said it
Loli had said it before.
repeated a few times or the
The only one who denied it was Margot
for some reason I didn't want it to be public
If it were known, I thought I'd read Margot
saying no, that they don't know each other or something
about that but I'm not sure now
I will look but it seemed to me that it was like that
Margot said that you are not worth what
What do you think about the information that Nuri gives?
because there has been a lot of debate today in
Twitter with that and in the box
comments from yesterday's live stream too
because there are people who say that Nuri believes
She is a stalker who is not given a voice.
I don't know what I don't know how much but then
There are other people who say, be careful, that everything
that is saying that it is not going away
fulfilling that it will have to nor that it was
exclusive truth has been able to do things
that they are reproached clear information clear
It's that Loli has nothing to do with it later.
many of the things that Nuri no O said
be that the money thing is such that it is clear No
you know where I'm going right now, so if you know
Irene Len continues to confirm everything
would already have a direct relationship with
Loli Nuri says she has proof of that
Nuri Nuri says she has
tests Yes yes And I have not been
following everything that Nuri Yo has said
neither but more or less for what
I caught Nuri yesterday and he says that he has been
explained to the family that this is the thing about the
240 240 240 that's what Nuri says eh Yeah Nuri it
What it means is that Irene Len
has access to the same account as
Loli Huerta or Nuri what comes to
To say is that Irene Len is good that Loli
gives money to Irene so that Irene
be the one who gives it Ah ok I had
understood as that both had access
If not if I understood wrong Yesterday he came to
say something like that in the same
days in which Irene had had
made donations there were movements in
accounts that she had had access to
see excerpts that's what I understood
yesterday yes Ah okay okay okay How come
I understood that. Imagine that I
I want you to donate that money, don't you?
I want to donate but I'll give you a B un0
Javi and you come here and with your account
you give them
240 Sure, but here here there would be one
move
Eh, they don't have the same last names.
So what is it?
What is it? But I can make you one.
bizun to you Javi, what you do here I will
I give you the 240 and you do it with yours.
name Claro you and I do not have the
same last names you can make me a
240 bizun for me to go to the Canal
from Carmen and tea and give them to me with my name
not with him
but really the money at source is
yours man is that if 240 240 240 are missing
from a Loli man LoL account that has
given the 240 even she says no
I didn't even know how 240 was given.
repeated once that she knows
Irene's story but I think it's missing
Something with Irene, I'm missing something there.
something is missing about this I mean about the
fact I'm going to make a donation to you
I pass the money and donate it mostly myself
I think because when they have happened
Donations have been like what I
It has given the impression that it has been like a
a little more than eh unforeseen not equally you
It gives 240 but then it gives you another amount
money so I imagine that more than
pass him that money or he already had one
previous amount or it or or already takes it
directly from an account you understand
because you Imagine what I understood
yesterday was that thing that Nuri said that
both took the money from the same
This is an account
community [ __ ] no no I don't believe but I
I would agree that it came from the same
site why not no There are 240 in a live
and the next 240 240 is not from one
continuously and the same amount
but sometimes it gives you 240 then you
give away memberships and then an amount
less you understand why it is not
designed so that every time Don is
quantity there is always a Pump of
back You know I think that by doing it
so there is a there is something that always has
money to do these things and then
Well, we don't know anymore, but we don't know.
refers to that shared account refers to
that Loli sends it to him In a hypothetical case
that I who have not seen it I do not know that
Loli, I'll send you 240 and you'll be here.
You give them to them and that's it, I'll tell you this.
I'll give you 600 bucks in a bizun later.
You already have to give it to this channel
and put it on this channel Javi Apate Dselo
As you can, that's what I truly believe.
which is what Nuri is referring to
what things he has been telling
Nuri has been confirmed with the
time man the thing about the disease by
example, Nuri told that as it is, no Yes
and such was the thing that he no longer has
money has
Pinta confirmed Nuri that they had
said that no What's up, eh, what else?
good things about what she said that one
person lived with her who had two
caregivers also Nuri said that she did not
She herself has recognized that this is not the case
man no Claro no there were no caregivers
I didn't know that because I don't live with
does not live with her That person does not live with
She said it herself. Let's go, it is
that she herself has said it
I recognized for myself that I was getting
like scraps of life You know and you do
you your life
the thing about Peppa who, like Peppa, took care of her
Mother, what about another person's illness?
person you become like little ones
scraps you make yourself the image that you
you want to give or the world that you want
When he said what he said about the caregivers, he said it
for it was when I was arguing with
Peppa and said it to attack Peppa yes to
I also think that maybe as
excuse like with Peppa I had a lot of
hours on the phone as an excuse
Of course if you are here you know how to
I have that person with two
caregivers Then I don't have to be
dedicating it at no time because
She is well cared for. For me, Peppa is already
He put that story in to reinforce that
Yes, he lived with her but of course
having two caregivers was not necessary
being so attentive to her but then
has acknowledged that this is a lie and
Nuri said, what does Nuri have to do with it?
invented Nuri will have told her
family another thing is that the family has
put more in there but no it has not been
invented has told it to someone then
As time goes by, confirm that
Going to the lion has something to do with Lolly
and as far as we know the story is going to be
strong that night let's see here it is or rather the
point that Carmen just said to me
It seems important, so here it is no longer
We play with whether Nuis lies or not too.
We play with the card that what the
family has told Nuri Cris
may be half true or exaggerated
have a conflict
family and are exposing things
for I don't know but I don't know who nuin is
but I think they have confirmed it
same ones who spoke with Ar of Troy And
Tania confirmed the same thing as those who
They have spoken and they are people
independent and more or less have
I confirmed the same
I remember it ends, it ends if you want, no
Simply that I don't know anyone, I don't know.
what confidence can I have in her?
I better know if it's being made up
who is talking to the relatives or
HE
It is not obvious that he is not making it up
no no no invent Because also in one of
the audios that were published the other day by
own with Loli eh one of the relatives
it
confirms clearly it is true it is not being done
inventing for nothing it is as it is like
already endorsed Yes
That's why the relative thinks badly of him, right?
It's a lie that I add such but the thing is
that with or have been counted more or less two
relatives who have not told such things
Same to Tania's they told him more or
less the same
film and
Regarding the money issue, it is already
I don't know what can fit between
Irene or what we can think about it
but I remember from the ard of Troy that
He already said a long time ago that firsthand
I knew that if Loli's family didn't like it,
I was enjoying what I was doing
the flight and then dropped as if
Lolin doesn't have money because he has money
the family and it will be the one that would take
Enton measures regarding nothing is not
I know if there is no no
I think compared
Height Carmen, there is a message for you, eh?
a face a
From now on Ah, the TV has already started.
indiscreet is not what I said
but the nonsense is that he doesn't even know
talk about how well I shake it and what it
I also want to shake indiscreetly
what you to me
you matter, he hasn't said anything, I've already seen it
He already put a crow in the title and you
there doing like that a crow has not
put a dove my mother
Angel Allah will have to take it to you
zoological
You are also like me who doesn't see anything
a dove but if Loli are saying
who doesn't have a [ __ ] Euro, no, because you
You're going to approach for the money etc.
etc. Carmina Manzano I put an image for you
of Peppa as doing so but for a
that I had already cut out And you know I had it
cropped there and that's why I put that one
image that is like pppa doing like this
but it's not for nothing because Loli I believe
that he doesn't have a penny anymore, I'm not going to do anything to you.
I the thumbnails that are causing
fury But you I mean you don't interest him
But they know that you have spoken about them
eh well, so as not to interest them if they are
as very well informed No but yes I
He calls everyone every time he can [ __ ]
goat trails and I don't know what called me
of everything
but you are occupying the little window that
she would like to have to see
Yes, apart from the v, I have found out
He says that Javi has me to make him jealous.
To her, eh? And I don't like that, Javi, right?
noando
You have to love me a lot for myself
says
What a darling, Car told you today that you are
swallowing a lot
[ __ ] that you are swallowing a lot
[ __ ] fuchsia you are a fuchsia
responding to Pepa's question
answering the Peppa thing because she does have it
your point eh Let's see what theory you have
you guys let's see, I think that's it
humiliation that Peppa does the other night
that now we are going to remember her within
A little while is worth the humiliation it causes
Peppa appearing in Loli's chat no
It's because he likes Loli I think
which is because he wants to recover again
to Loli and bleed Loli all Elo that what
bad thought by God I am that bad
thought ok but of course it is because of another
side is true what Peppa says is
contradictory
with
You have another theory, okay, it's the one
Javi's audience is the av money is no longer
now it is no longer
I don't think you want to make money
to charge Loli for economic reasons Because
now
Loli himself is going to start doing the
Super chat and membership gifts and
other than what he did before if he walks
like crazy begging you in every live stream that
that you please return the bizun or
I want to tell you
No, I mean, I think it's more about the subject.
to assume the role again
from a troublemaker to a defender of at times
Loli sometimes steps on us, that is.
I think he doesn't want to defend that much
Loli but to criticize everyone else
Find an Ally With which FJ Ally
that
Ally return and Return to the ring because
the topic that was being discussed
was generating [ __ ] and says well
I have to get into this no matter what
Of course, of course, and when I was there,
lots of people lots of people in the
She is direct and a good Samaritan.
Come on man, go on and use it again.
because Loli is the one who wins the
demands I say what you want but the
She wins her lawsuits. Of course.
but so that she is not alone because
In the end she is left alone, that is to say,
of tritania together Yes so that it is not
alone but she is no longer alone she is that she is
Outside of the controversy, there is talk
of the two months
which has 1000 people in the audience
I told you yesterday, you don't give me my account
When I talk to you Javi No but it's that
I see it as too much humiliation to see me
Pepa I always see Peppa I always
I see everything that moves him and everything
Always with an economic spirit always
Damn, and you think that having 1000 is not enough?
people in the audience the Loli the other
clear day is that you can have 1000 that
You can have 300 if they are people who
They are there just to see No
but that doesn't matter to you
They ask you if you are a fan or a
visualizations are visualizations
When will she pay you again there?
to LoL and the moves from before would bring
many people to her now right now
was out of the equation or
right now the fight was being
between Loli de Troya and Tania and Tania and
Peppa was out of the equation and no
I was interested in talking about her and kiss
private I don't know the truth, I am that there yes
I have mixed feelings because
On the one hand, I have that anxiety because you
You can say, well, you get into the
controversy, you can get into controversy without
Without being with Loli you can get in yourself
You know yourself. Then I what that
humiliation but she likes it a lot
to be a good Samaritan after the blows of
chest Peppa loves that man
then in your community quado as
Look how noble Peppa is afterwards
of everything that gives a hand to Loli and
He cares about her, I'm the one who cares about him.
another day I see it too much too much
too humiliating even to be
Peppa
Man, I also find it humiliating.
person who joins you That size
You're all there doing it, but no
Peppa looks at other things and the other day the
Another day in Loli's chat it seemed that
They were going to canonize Peppa, I don't know.
Jodas continues Continue Today was again
Peppa
Peppa Ho was still being Peppa no
will Peppa still be a poel today no
sig is going to happen block it eh that I
Then I want to go to your live streams and say hello.
to the big brothers how to be good
You are cruel. We are cruel.
because such And she has achieved after
of all that has happened to him, then go there
to take pity on her and that's it but it's not
It happened when Loli was saying to the
donkey to another putting them in broth
calling them everything had no empathy
None. Nor was I going to go to the donkey to tell him.
Damn, Aunt Mira went too far.
Loli Sorry because I felt
fatal no no that was happening
I hope I haven't expected a sprout, a sprout.
of empathy has given him I hope that the
of the morality of these days today are
on Twitter saying the
Same It's not that you are not a human being
Elena
Ah, I'm bad and dark, it's going to be that no.
It's good to see before entering that
Loli's live today that is all the
world Yes yes as it is all the
world like today I was in the
It was the afternoon for the kids
take it off in the afternoon because I
Eastern time to get up at 8 in the
Tomorrow I am not very convinced
follow him eh or rather I get up and
I've already gotten used to getting up at 8 in the morning.
tomorrow but now I'm done
[ __ ] [ __ ] no I prefer to get up
1 but well there we go it wasn't there
in the youth and the people did not stop
write to me and talk to me so that I don't see the
scandal that Loli has created this
late that what direct So now it
We'll see. I'm already talking about Loli's things.
I am the same as if I were
speaking it with complete purpose is
a nonsense Yes but I already take it
coming from
I can't do it anymore. They told me in the
don't enter the kids' chat
you answer the court like But if already
It is already in demand, it is in demand and you
He continues saying in the lawsuit that they are
pages and pages where the abuser is
stalker m since he is going to give more
term more than less. That is, I already have it
preliminary hearing I will present the best
more or less three examples Mira AC
followed but now what does this change?
I already took it and took it to the
played is wasting time with her is
waste my time F you who is put
The first one doesn't matter to him. It's that he doesn't care.
He might blow it, that's true, don't you think?
It doesn't matter to her at all, she doesn't care
that I put 15 that I put two that I put
It doesn't matter to him, but it's just that people
He wants me not to even react to
the videos that no no but and the and the
900 I don't know how many people there were
seeing Loli who are they Ah but we
Well according to your chat according to your chat
They said today H you have 600 people per
It's that people are interested in that.
falsehood of Oh, do not speak it, do not speak it
you comment I don't know what and everyone there
but you are interested or you are not interested of course
When I see that we see Loli, I
we see 25 I say Hey, look at this no more
Nobody is interested but I see
that Loli is the 900th person there sprouting
No no, but I see that very much.
youtubers let's talk about I don't know about
How good, I myself was there people yesterday
that I was a little fed up with the subject
see if I could get her away from everything, huh?
I have taken out the video today that they have
fired terelu that terelu has
This said about Roco Carrasco Of course but
as if this topic is not not not addressed
but but it is like that I mean when
when we touch on the subject and that is what we
It has happened to everyone to [ __ ] up when you touch the
topic you have people who are you
saying: Okay, but don't take it into account
That is, I am the comment I hear the most.
It's good but don't pay attention to it.
Of course it's not your mother that
is insulting you know maybe if
If I were to go to your mother you would understand how I
I feel for example you know but for apte
about that
eh No, don't answer, don't pay attention to it
Hey, we're already tired of the subject.
but on the one hand what Carmen says
then you see the live shows in which she
It combusts spontaneously and has
three times as many people as we can
having us live that is what
First and second the live shows that
you try to make another theme Where
These people. Oh yeah.
but that one
same is insulting let's relocate
noos that there are people who seem to
has been lost okay
and I see a lot of what disgusts me what
It disgusts me, eh, what a lineup there is?
It disgusts me, it disgusts me. Damn, but I see you.
every day making a reference
on the subject then so much clear or that is
you're seeing it you know what it is
passing Well if you don't come in here, no
you know what's going on but then
Number two is that Javi did it again
stretch do you know what it's about since 2015
Javi Oliveira No, I don't think so.
I ask, do you think I'm going to put myself here?
to talk about how to play ageres or
Something is not true, Loli is convulsing. I can smell it here.
At night he will be watching Loli
convulses, that is what my treatment is
content and that is what it is going to be about
I know at what moment I had the intention
to change it or rather
eh I don't know there are people like that
as if outraged that we are here
gossip and it's like this is the channel of
YouTube gossip this Ja ol sal ha lo
that you know people like too
you see that people like these
videos follow What are you going to do
Lu the people and everyone there watching
To Loli, I all did seven pirouettes.
This afternoon when I put the T
saying of course that tonight we
we see they have made seven
pirouettes to me is a topic that there are many
days that I get tired that I
clar mainly because you are
protagonist also clear when you And
although And although it has nothing to do with it
With me Carmen, in the end you tell them [ __ ]
another day answering the lady
He is insulting and at the end there comes a
moment you get tired but then you say or
either he is insulting us and we are leaving
to remain silent without
answer Clearly, clearly, like a piata
come on tz sig gatiz man
Don't wait, talking about it, sorry and
Well, let's see about that at the end. Thanks.
by the super chat in the end not Always
we are going to be or we are not
commenting on the same thing as always
certain situations that are repeated But
There are others that are new. Then
In the end, there are people who are misplaced in what
that in what I am And who I am in
internet Okay my channel is going to try
gossip and will always try to gossip
if suddenly there are people who now
suddenly he doesn't like the gossip he has
there are a lot of mechanics channels
Butcher shop of all kinds
Ok, this channel is for gossip and gossip.
In fact, it is the reference channel of
Youtube of gossip of Twitch and of and of
anything goes Javi Oliveira's channel
gossip where everyone comes to see
gossip and I don't know what it is that catches you
no surprise at all What happens is that yes
It is true that some days that have already been
past many limits it is no longer
Javi's gossip, there are days when it's repulsive
to comment on some things But
Okay, okay, but let's see, I don't
I'm disgusted by anything I say to you, that is
How do I have to take it now?
has passed the limits is in the
judged now We are talking about a
demand they say that he has responded to
Tania says she has answered Tania
over here yes, [ __ ] I don't know why Loli has
answered Tania and she said yes
has a [ __ ] that puts with what the
threatened Well I don't know what it will have been now
I don't know, I don't know if Tania, I would be you.
The good thing is that I had this here because
look, you were just saying
You guys say that pppa does it because he has it
Ally and I was thinking Of course because
Tania the Ally the allies Tania who are
each one takes out good is that now it is
with dal veira no then much [ __ ] you
You can get into controversies to have
These allies are you alone or fate
you give
see it with the kids
but how strong that is No how disgusting man but
Let's see, you guys think that
This is a person who really isn't
a character who is acting in a way
exaggerated is not a parody you
They think it's really a little person
So I think that's attitudes I think
What exactly is it that you are looking for? You know
draws attention the greater the
bidad that says Well, it is clear
catching up on everything that gives him
ball not from everyone of course man
Of course, I think this is a guy who
who is like us in a good way and does
This role and also the ease that
has doing this under an account that
that he doesn't appear, that is, his face doesn't appear
So you are a youtuber who
we know if you imagine that listen to me
that the things that he puts or is the other day
I have humiliated acne on Twitter
I've been banned because, well, you can
be stupid there are stupid people there is Wilson
that one from tter that one is an idiot I'm a
Silly Twitter It's stupid you know but this
This is already exaggerated. I mean, you think that
He is a character who pretends to be disgusting and
it's already no
H yes like the Yes yes yes or so it is that this
So I put this on you Javi dreams
with me an account called dal
Alan, you see, a joke puts you here.
I liked Pili's tea, that is
I think this is not serious and
Tania takes it seriously, let's go
Tania has many and I have seen others
youtubers By the way he is not banned or
I don't know where the hell you get that from but
what are you going to be here even no no what is it
that no one has banned her of course is a
character who exaggerates not And Tania Mira
Tania takes it In
Seriously, do you see him? He treats him like a person.
normal Well ugly here it's your turn
Carmen has already touched it, no one will talk about it.
that there are two days in a row where the
geeky tubers do live shows at the same time
time that FJ yesterday Elena stepped on it and today
Javi, what do you want? You're left without this.
Luck is also a plan
It's an organized plan, I didn't tell you it was going to happen.
To be very shameless Jai but well, let's see
Here are the explanations. What's going on here? Look.
Here you have the people with explanations
Wilson Ho says I realized and the other one already
I don't know, they kicked me out.
They kicked out the one who doesn't realize it
that Jav Oliveira approached Antonio
David by family and by
money are very attentive my mother and
This is where I get a tweet, eh?
joke of the day which is a I don't know I don't know
I get the joke if someone can tell me.
explain is a tweet in which I
I share a video about Jabi Elira bullying.
and the video is now private but it is
that it is not mine of course he is putting it on me
as if it is a video that I have deleted
to hide it because and it will be a video
that this is the typical when you
you share a video Yes a a box
that you have on as if it were on you
It fills you with the title And that or something
I shouldn't have had to do it like that.
shared wanting because I don't
I have automatic how do I see you give Like?
you get it has given you a like on Twitter But
Well, it's a video that's not mine and then
It's in private what do I do and and this
appears in every single thing that is in
against us this appears in response
or with a
emoji has become obsessed it's like what
what what what are you talking about what are you
talking What is what is she followed or
emoji maybe go to the one that is made
pass for prosecutor that I am Uy That one day
We have to dedicate a live show to that one.
that a movie has a move
mounted on the networks that she makes herself
go through a prosecutor who I don't know what
I don't know how much and this appears
answer an emoji a face an I don't know
what do you know and you take the dal veire le
answer is this and put a tit on it
So it has nothing to do with it
with the subject, that is, it is impossible
that this is a person who is or is
I don't, I think it's a
paper I don't think I'm a person who
really yes my friend lne the one who doesn't
never lies or manipulates in his life
because she is the victim of everything
putting on a whole show with Pilar
Ruiz and Javi to leave as the worst being
human to Loli is something to see and that
does
She needs a lot of help
you know Yes yes if there are doubts if it is human yes
There are doubts but this boy really
defend Loli, what has this guy gotten into?
here
You see that in the fuss because it suits you
well and is already bridging the gap
eh I mean no I'm not comparing a
person with the other I am comparing what
how sick this guy is, or rather his
target on networks rising and
going to bed by the hour getting up by the hour
morning and going to bed at night Javi
come on, Javi, come on, make a video
criticizing the yellow butterflies come on
I don't know about the yellow butterfly
yellow butterfly The
They love it, that is, it is like that, eh, that is
literally has tet when we get together
with someone is against that
someone and if we make peace or so and
If we fight, he takes sides with the one who
we fight But this is a character
that is a parody This is not true
Man, what did that tweet say?
put before wait from above this is
Uncle This is the uncle who goes around saying that
He does not crush Huerta by talking about how he
tell very strong private things and
According to him, this refutes a let's see this
It is referring to what I told you
yesterday on the call to the flight not to see
There is one thing that many people know
creators Marbella Eh yes there is one thing of
I remember I don't know what it is, let's see if you tell it
One day I don't know what it is to [ __ ] Carmen you
I'm going to put it here in the chat. Let's see what
Damn, it's Marbella. I'm going there too.
gossip to see me does not surprise me
s Marbella Well, I was wrong
It's Mallorca, not where she sees it. Ah, okay.
You said marvella a few times already
I said so
marv d
I was there in Thailand in Hong Kong
Kong in Madrid I don't even know where I am
See Carmen Listen to this to see if you like it.
Have you heard? Hey, okay, let's see. Listen to this.
don't read this very
strong is not worth it, people don't understand
Ah, well yes, of course it is clear that it is clear that
when they say something private that I want
I want something private to come out, of course.
When they say that I want one to come out
private thing it seems that I am talking about
a romance or a color of underwear
No, no, let's see what one thing I remember
It's being spread out there, well, let's see
that is to say that in fact it is that
They have made memes about this
it has been done
meme not about that in particular but yes there is
comments Oh okay I was wrong
of
I say damn. Well, the same with Carmen. Let's see.
It's an episode of One Day No Yes Yes Yes Yes
Let's see this, it will come out salty if it has been a fruit seller
a butcher gave me but listen to me is
an episode that one day did not happen to Fer
also Ah okay okay okay But come on
Of course he says no, you don't want the haby
Let's see, I'm saying that I don't
I'm going to tell this because I don't have the
authorship to tell it but man this
when it is known Of course, let's see, I am
curios
when she talked about this eh she
talked about some of this she has said it
Yes yes yes yes it has gone unnoticed
Yes, this has already come out. Yes, yes, she has spoken.
about that already and she has denied it. Yes, yes.
Yes, this is worth it. What is it? I want to know about
What date is this please? This is from
today This is from today This is answering to
a Look at this This is a comment that
puts
Auri in which he yes this is the one from the chat
of the flight No yes it is worth it because Auri puts this
comment that people are very
indignant I encourage you to take it
to the precipice it is worth it, it is clear and it is
Tania was very indignant and many people
on Twitter as very indignant and let's see me
Here I am going to tell you something, it seems to me
very serious should be spread in the
means already already already it is 3 in the morning
opening with Loli Huerta we're already going or
may be some bitter if tomorrow I speak with
Let's go Ferrera Ferrera, go now stop
mallorca eh They told me that Hey today I
I called today Antena 3 called me today I went out
Antena 3 somewhere because they have
asked permission for I don't know what video
Daniel Sanchez said what you catch
but I don't know where many went
They would be delighted to celebrate if something happened
misfortune live and direct I am good
This is a hint Exactly
just like the one Loli made the other day
exactly but if they were they were not
Loli herself accused Tania and Troya this
week of taking it that way
they did with their sister, let's see, I'm not
that is the best friend of fixing the
I threaten Auri, I have my times
good my bad times But
I honestly don't think so
openly saying in a chat what
she is interpreting I understand that
refers to the media precipice
figurative clear man please to me
I don't like the comment because it
may misinterpret but obviously
obviously I don't think it's happening
referring to
I don't know how to misunderstand that
H but Loli says things a thousand times
worse and Loli doesn't pay attention to it
says a thousand things worse than that and nobody
says nothing about
truth has appealed to the media
when you are interested too When I say that
It can be misinterpreted It is that it is very
easy this comment is very easy to give
the return and
want And why don't they turn it around
When Loli tells me why not?
for not him
salt Well, it's the same to me because we have
because we have selective empathy That's it
There is no more trouble when it has happened to me
said Loli nobody highlights it or puts it
He doesn't say anything and everyone is guilty.
Look how pretty she is posing and everything, look, look
chilazo Ah in the end in the end it's that or
Obviously the comment is not for
What happens there is that we know what it is like
these people and we know that if you
you put little in
tray what we can't now every time
that we are going to open the
mouth that they will misinterpret it
If they are going to do it with anything,
comment has nothing to do with it
bad person of the ch who doesn't even
We are talking A youtuber is that already
clear within the context of what
we were talking at the moment then
You have to take him to the precipice, man.
clear the media precipice Me too
I don't think so, of course, but it is a
Hypocrite Tania, damn, that's enough already.
the thing is
Let's see, last week they were
accusing her of going to lead to
Loli did that and not happy with the threat.
with taking out an audio So what comes
Now Tania, put some messages there for
give it to him again with chest beating
another one with the chest beatings sem past
I read an audio and Loli said at the end
Those of you who are going to take me to that are going to
be you and these who have been the ones who
you have put I don't know what eh then no
happy with that she has threatened her and now
comes to put the message that they are going to
take to
that Irania Carmen I am intrigued
because
that if he has something that he
put it because I don't know if you have said it is
a
trolling the live broadcast of the afternoon has been
for Elena and the one that started at 9 was
for
He said that I saw it clearly, maybe
is reacting that direct can be is
a piece of someone's at 9 you had Oh okay
It's worth it against progr. Well, it's worth the same.
the live that is worth the same to you
direct that was going for you has been
reacting to that live broadcast we have
said before that there was no
reacted is in premiere is not a
direct but it is the one direct in the
that you are alone and appear so in the
chat that same one is s s
s Well then he has done this to
Tania But why doesn't Loli take it out?
It's in Camic, so Loli, you take it out.
Of course, he doesn't give it to anyone anymore or give it to anyone.
I'm not scared at all, but that audio is the same.
He doesn't have it. Oh well, of course. Of course.
because I think it's an audio
No because it is not an audio between Loli and
Of course it is an audio but it is the thing about the
Sister, I think it's going to be the one from the
sister Claro believe so but Tania you have not
said that he created information because
The sister asked me not to go out
I think so, I think it is the voice of the
sister saying that she has not had the
nurse And that is going to change our
life to us not to us but Loli
he doesn't want me to come out
Of course Loli is going to be afraid of that, let's see.
something that you don't like to come out but
that you are afraid of
that knows perfectly well that I am afraid of her
He has told it, he knows it perfectly well.
said that she is afraid Tania Loli has not
said to be afraid of nothing eh But that
It is also an inconsistency because Tania
He said that his sister didn't want that part.
that
came out no or now he wants me to
come out a kiss isael clear here hereel
paper was going to say that different said that
The part they hadn't told was
because the sister asked them not to Ah
Well, of course, but the next day
Tania T was already threatening her
You know that Tania really likes that.
put things clear And he told her about Loli
the woman is not guilty of anything
you could make something clear
Of course not, the difference here is that
instead of saying it about Troy in a
audio says a relative So now
It depends on the importance of her
I want to give it to you because for us it continues
being the same clear to us
It's still the same for her and me
I think it's another new thing for you
for Loli to stop. Well, let's see.
Let's see now that he has said less
fren cl
The text you are going to put will be the
same one who said that with that sister no
has no relationship and that
sister I didn't even know she had
been sick
clear and with the other one neither with him
nephew what he is talking about neither
you have to believe no V
I believe anyway because LoL said so
Tania wasn't going to tell us about it.
husband I'm going to put it together with the comment
with the husband who said that I didn't find out
It's about T's husband, that's what Loli, I
I know it, of course we all know it, but that is not
that is not it
we know not to get into that Ah, I am that
That's it, man, let's see, I don't care.
Obviously I don't know the context, I don't know the
history but man with which she has
given with other matters Well already
It would be to debate if it comes out. I don't.
I'm going to take out obviously because it's sioli
You know it's going to happen, let's go, you know
that goes around there is like what I have told you
told in the message that there are things of
rec out there talking they go around there between
some and others Lu and then they tell each other
things but listen to me you are not going to
believe is worth it. Along with this, I
you have sent it today in the group, don't you
You're going to believe it, he says no, he's going to believe it.
but well you know this where you have it
you saw it today, you who have done it to me
sent the Peppa chat in the chat
They put this from Peppa Pig, don't buy it
50,000 subscribers and you have 2000
people live that is not valid OR
be Peppa's people so that you
You see, we don't have to make an effort either.
a lot and we have to do this
content in plan what is Clearly
people are like how disgusting let's see
We are here doing this, eh
we what we had to carry
we have brought it to court, we have brought it to court now
well That's slow slow slow the year that
comes or the other there will be an audience
prior to the trial will be within two or
three that is very slow you can't
imagine so much If they continue Well we
that at least we take the least that
That's fine, but now I don't try.
convince with this content
audience that they have there why
Because the audience, for example, thinks
things like this that I buy 50,000
subscribers and I no longer want to buy
50,000 subscribers but how bad
bought that I have 2000 people How
I don't have 50,000
Of course, in light of this, what are you going to do?
don't make any effort, nothing, you just have to take it
As Javier is, the normal thing is
is that if you have 172,000 subscribers that
Have at least 1 live 100000
Of course, some of them catch you off guard, but very
little like
you know but you know what I'm seeing from
prisoner at the premiere of Loli that puts a
that that and the plate what do you have?
I swear, I swear to you that a position and capable and
Now if I keep looking, I won't do it.
look more because maybe there will be more looking
one that tells me and what about the 50 bucks
The night vision three times was a lie
It's true that they take that out of you today, today they had
a [ __ ] with juno Javi that I tell you
I'll see about Yuno on Monday and see what
I really offer them to talk
whatever gives me a clue at least
What is the reference to I am exus you?
I swear the [ __ ] of why I count
you keep t of you how dry truth I am
from andito from andito give me one
only clue that they tell me something to
I'm going to say, "Ah, look, can I do it?"
story you don't say what the only one is about
direct the only direct of Elena that
can you remove it from the platform? I have it
me and I saw him with her the other day
day that no no Javi It's not
These people have me too tired.
that hook you that you are the
new truth
Of course I put it in mint to the best
bidder that better rosaca but not
But I swear I'm crazy, Rosaca.
I'm crazy, I say something about you, but
yun but really give me a clue
and I say it from the heart, I say it
because I'm already curious today
There was the
peel that they don't speak I also have
curiosity
Okay, damn, they mean you, we've talked about it.
a lot of times in the wake of things
that happened was banned
Salseo is not allowed
the things that are happening right now
on YouTube or whatever but literally you
They close the live show in the middle of the live show and
you go to hell and lose your account
Then forget it. I mean there is nothing to
may be as serious as they are
hinting when you still have the
active account and you can continue
making broadcasts I mean if it will be a
nonsense will be nonsense and they are
doing there like they do
They interpret Or rather, perhaps the
cracked phone who knows who knows
Exactly, but I'm already curious.
because I have heard it not once
but I say Well but it's that today was already
the whole Peppa chat is already on
We know about Juno But look how we don't
I say tell me but damn tell me what it is
because I'm already curious myself, right?
I know what these luminaries are referring to.
I don't know, nonsense, that's nonsense and
They tell it the story this is like the
Li [ __ ] what side with Li and it's like
a turkey who made me straight all the
days a turkey that made me see everyone
the days and one day I answered him and told him
Come on, I'm going to go up and have a debate with you and
cried or that's what it means and they give it as if
It was an episode that I have hidden
that and that as well let's see but it's like
all they interpret they interpret
your life Let's see but but I don't know anymore
interpret they drop
insinuations insinuations that never
They finally manage to tell the people clearly
when you hint things to people
In the end, people make up a story
in the head much more serious than it is
reality is totally that it is what it is
worse to put the seed and the people Im
They never get to clarify it but they leave it
That's that doubt And that suspicion about you and
That's it, yes they start. Oh, it's something very serious.
Oh what happened you know such And already the
people, clear idea, oh, you know what
Such people passed by, but it's playing dirty.
Of course it's playing dirty, that's what he does.
always sibylline if they had something
specifically they had taken it out if it were
something concrete that is true car I am so
Don't worry, I've said it 4 million times
times whatever and also
We have another topic of conversation which is
that I am so calm that there is no
nothing damn then but let's go that I don't
It would be important if they take out some salt
old we talked about it but tell me
What the [ __ ] are you talking about, that's stupid
I went out the other day, the live show was recommended.
Here I am called a calypse
as a calipo ahas is called Search the
saler That is the best live show of the
history you
I think it's the best live performance of the
history of
Javi Bueno there I have eh or rather I don't
we've done it, damn it's my first but that one
That one is to laugh from the beginning
until Javi finished there was a lot there was
much listen to me I know I've put it in
the intro but if you don't mind I'll do it
put back okay let's see now a
I hardly think they are extracts from Peppa
now before Loli's thing because
Peppa has been before because there is one thing
very important that I haven't taken it
the two cures but pppa like Loli
They respected the schedule again today.
literally have been calculated
scheduled I don't know if at 5 and the other
the s something like that But they had planned
as if he were missing out on making a mess
but they don't know yet
She never wants to step on Pepa, never.
These are agreements like when we
We talked about Hey, what time is it going to be?
Today, well, I told her that we didn't jump.
schedule but let's see if it's been two days without
Come now I'll take it and see clearly it's like that
and luckily, let's say he's already lost one, eh?
lost already lost one here loses another
Listen to me, Javio is bothered that I don't
empathize with him and yes with other people
No Peppa, let's talk clearly with
other people Not just with Loli
Ok These are more or less the messages
that yesterday we were all reading it very
extensively it is worth there are many no
only these four that are put Here
Ok but I wanted to take advantage of this
compilation that Lili has made if we
It matters, I'm going to put another one
time
go from
saying Sorry Javi Sorry
Javi what we said today that no
You can react to this because this is
a human being Well, the human being
missing and missing there as for example per
There is a lot missing on TR
minutes tell your friend
a good one while listening to this
It's 3 minutes, okay, let's see, here it is.
2000 people, there are 2000 likes, that's fine.
I love you, I love you like crazy, I love you all
bag giving like right now before
move to the next block tell your
friend, see if she finds you one
comforter out there and comforts herself and
This is how you get rid of depression, you wretch.
It is bad advice, they can give you a lot for
ass to that lady I hope but you
I can guarantee that you know it too
That lady has used the death of
her daughter to humiliate people further
okay And the one who cries for her dead and the one
that he uses to whitewash his image
your dead are you alanne okay now
We have seen Victoria, eh?
consented to take a photo of the body of
your mother and put it in your face is that already
It's outrageous Fame charge Victoria man
Eh, many covers what you do is take
the image of the body in an envelope
everything and put my face on the body of
your mother, we'll see where she took the photo
esp I'm going to stop it here for you because this
tremendous, that is to say what it says here is that
a photo is going to be taken of the grave
mother's body And he puts on the face that
damn that's what it says here no no here
I still didn't know that the Mad that the mother
Victoria was deceased, that is, she
He was implying that they were throwing him away
photos to Victoria's mother and then
They put on their faces that the montages that
they put
That's exactly what she meant. Exactly.
my mother in what
situation In what situation as
moderator, do you let them not say No to you?
can tell you that you are a cat in heat
because you V rubbing everywhere
In fact, we can ask the
lawyer A lo
better okay this is important too
I heard this before, I haven't heard it before.
Trust me, I hadn't seen this one here.
He is saying that the lawyer makes you
discount at Anne because if not I'm going to
I'll also be flirtatious
eh what I want that gives to understand of course
that's because as I go it is
remaining to manipulate Well in the
Pablo's case I suppose it will be for that
give me a discount, of course you're being T T
business out there without notice answers it
Hey, I ask him, okay, here's a question.
second love this because it is looking
to the camera she mu in her role Well This
It's for Pablo But the next one is for
for Victoria after the previous clip
What you saw was when they told him what
It's disgusting that you make this comment because the
Victoria's mother is deceased and in the
moment when she finds out that
is deceased is when she says one
atrocity still
worse instead of saying wow sorry no
I knew it is overcome, it goes by grade
host when I did it was healthy or
drunk because to create a snake
as he should be wearing it but
Let's go up, you scoundrel
you and everyone in that [ __ ] place
shitty channel is worth the scoundrels and
unfortunate people who are the obituaries of my
dead okay So as I don't know if
She is alive, she is dead, the mother of
Victoria If she's dead, let her eat her.
So if he has died, then you know
Let the worms eat it just like that
When I die, I'll be the same when you die.
you die, unfortunate, without shame, bur
is a
bur or the big [ __ ] as you want
Calling Mrs. Rayito can be banned.
Please if someone is there because
It has raised my spirits a bit
throat if someone is a [ __ ] without
Shame on you and Mrs. Victoria
what are they
rabid envious masochists and
worse than a person can have V a
second is that I'm fed up
eggs already of the envy I mean to
calls us all
envious envy of what Loli envies
what it is about
Matea is a winner, don't you see her? Look at her.
Look at what kind of lady she is envious of
self-esteem very fed up with the no but
But he doesn't just say it to me.
So Javi tells us all
she calls us all envious
lady, I mean, I don't want to be a sentient but
look in the mirror look at yourself and mine
we all of us and that is but
I'm not talking to you about physically anymore. I mean,
way of speaking the way we express ourselves
the
understanding everything or in a set of
what can we have envy please
make me one
list of quality friends who
has starved everything everything everything
are
charisma above all charisma has is is
the true reflection of success this lady
Ray of light come
We follow Rayito
If she is dead, then she will be fine with what she knows.
the cacashi, the filthy [ __ ], the [ __ ], died
disgusting [ __ ] [ __ ] daughter
of the great
damn, what a shame, girl, what a shame
burst, mate, and there are still people
with the shamelessness to say that a
human being crying that there are people with
the nerve to say that we do not
We have a heart because we don't believe in ourselves.
the tears of this being and no
ladies who go here and there to such and such and are there
in the chat of this applauding all this
and there, delighted with life and happy
Hit it hard Loli tell him the
TRUE
those ones that go from Carmen to me
I would love to see them if I said to them
a tenth of what we have
received us Well then you are not
Seeing Tania's case, you are not
seeing the case of Tania Buen said to her
given a little bit and that's it
threatening to take out I don't know what that
Well, look at Tania's case for example.
t but it's that I'm not just going to you anymore
Tania's case, I'm going to Twitter you now.
they do every day every day
Threads Threads of morality that are not
has told them
neither Pamplona nor they spend the whole [ __ ] day
whole playing the victim but I
I would love for you to
They will explain. Of course they will explain to me.
Why do I have to be a human being?
not to react to a live broadcast that is made
This lady is crying the same thing
shouting the same thing or where is it that it is
I don't quite understand it, let's see
We all agree that Loli the
another day the live show was: Well, maybe
that one day he decides to insult. Well,
That day she started crying, these are things that
things happen and there are days when things happen to you.
feel clear or in other words, like what is it
Why does it have to be me, let's go
Let's see when you let's see if I explain myself.
that I'm not explaining myself, I feel like I'm not
you are understanding me when you when
You refer to the fact that you have to
you have to be a human being with
a person and not react to a direct
of that person it has to be that in that
something is happening directly that what what or
What example would you give me?
Well, for example, I have had live shows in
those that I have broken and cried about are worth it.
For example, you know that years ago
example I have fought Maybe with a
friend and I have exploded and and I have cried in
direct is fine but I understand that later
people the channels that deal with these
topics react to the live shows where I
I'm crying and I'm breaking down or why
They start to say why they have put themselves
This time with Loli to say We must
be a human being I hope no one
react to it or why s because it
They sold it as if they had forced her to
to put the audios of the mother the se
had been forced and so we
They sold it and that's why it was already happening
such a bad time because I had to present
the audios of his mother because he gave her the
wins her Of course, of course, that's what
was selling and was broken with pain for
the mother's audios Until she saw
Peppa and she already forgot about the drama but it is
that in the live shows in which the others
for h or for B we have broken up
mocked by
we have been mocked
include even worse eh what Tania did for
It seems even worse to me because it is that
Tania after ridiculing after
mess with her like Tania has messed with her
has been extremely smooth Why
Because it doesn't give him even half of what he wants.
which has given to Javi for example
during all these months to not give it
The same thing happened with Peppa, I remember.
Sorry, I was going to say that you are
people are waiting for respect and
a consideration that has not been given to
none of us chat with anyone
So it's not about that, churra a
see is that we will see at what moment
reacting to content is a lack of
respect for this lady why
Let's imagine that this lady hasn't told us
insulted and has nothing to do with
We La Movida So what is it
what happened in that live so that they are bad
people who echo and and and
Let's see, I remember this by heart.
In my entire YouTube history three
live shows where I've broken okay
and more or less they are big moves that
I have already exploded and ended up breaking and in
All three occasions come to me
the head eh that the rest of the channels have
rationed and they have commented on it, I see it and I
I see natural or so why Why eh the
when this lady on Friday Lia that
chicken in a live with those audios and
such the next day suddenly it is
half of Twitter saying oh I hope that
Nobody play that live. Oh, that's it.
a human who has broken and is like Well
and what happens with noot it has broken what is it about
water with mystery, even I say it, I don't
You say it, I say it, it goes like this
I said yesterday but I said it yesterday if not
I was If I wasn't drunk I would praise that
that he keeps since the pandemic that I don't know
that he carries the tobacco that he keeps
since the pandemic But what is my fault?
I'm not sure if she comes out like that, when I
The rabal came out cooked so hard I laughed so hard
bigger than him, hey, maybe he was
having a bad time in Rabal but as
he came out and said it
she in the soul If you are not in
conditions to make a live show that
suck up to him, you have to suck up to him
ball can't be but no but yes
We come from this from the beginning that
She is like a golden thing and she is not
can say nothing or react to anything or
answer anything if we come from this
the beginning is the same but but but what
I'm fed up with it already.
white horses that are not here
little white horse God for Loli I don't know
Poor little Loli, man, I can do it.
The only explanation I can find for it is
The only explanation I can find for it
this is to
This look here they are sending me for
example that Salome has just uploaded as
they reacted to one of the Yes yes
Yes, but if it's me, we're going to see.
making the content we make and not
We are going to change the one that each one has
We have a theme on the channel.
we are going to change it and if there is a youtuber
that has broken Well those of are going to
react but let's say I have
reacted to 1 live stream from Win Michu
crying I don't know who crying I don't know
how much that is part of the story already
and the moves are being commented on
They are commenting on the controversies, that is, me
What I understand is that a kiss to Pau O
either it is a false moralism or it is a
false empathy that is not for Loli
but it is against
our clear Javi but I think it is
further
It is obvious who the comments are coming from
clear is there you really believe
Javi, I'm going to ask you a question.
Do you really think Peppa doesn't see the
gravity of what Loli says Of course
The time passes and he won't agree with you.
So if you kill her, they won't give it to you, they'll give it to her.
The same thing is that it is all the same to him as long as
be cruel to
others and part of that it is all the same to him
Carmen who prefers to say that as the
Troy Troy Of course he sees gravity
What's happening is that he says he has told us little.
Why? Well, because it was his role that
He had it set up already and they are going to do it
continue defending Because defending her
she is against
our Okay, well you know what? They just told me
send by email that the dalir now
right now he's messing with Loli
on Twitter, that is, Loli must have
having said what you are saying about Tania
and now he is
inventing
should It's that this works
That's it, let's go, but it wasn't the poor thing.
Loli what were they doing to her?
Loli I'm already lost I'll come back now
I'm going for a double whiskey. This is not known.
hold on but yesterday, I mean yesterday, he was a being
human and today no longer or no longer is a being
human but worse than yesterday's yesterday was
better human being but he is small
no but that has happened
now now right now they have it for me
sent and is giving it to him
LoL fast eh clo I understand what it is
because he has messed with her, I understand
that now he has messed with the t Ah la
Loli is no longer defended, no longer defended
They defend it, of course, but with how bad it was
Loli, damn, what happened?
It took a little while, mother
mine if I had to spend two hours
2 and a half hours talking about you every day
Good days for
God
How to Wait Wait Wait
Wait, let's say they are an average of 2
2s hours and a bit every day
take it off if I had to throw myself 2
2 and a half hours talking about you
every day Good by God but in
Seriously, he has it calculated, eh, he has it
calculated in one hour eh is that one hour
and a half is already a lot, please, that hasn't happened
never past what a hard face
the direct never ever man is that I
When I hear these things I say well
Well, let's see, let's be honest.
take away the little bit at the beginning that is
greeting everyone
a little while later, he says goodbye, of course, too no
It is eh the moments that he is asking for
the cause to see in real When you have to
open the day you serve does not tell you either
nothing when you have to open the door
It doesn't tell you anything either
while
and the head and those little moments either
end actually actually of you
equal
Speak for an hour and a half hour All the
[ __ ] days For a year but no
Exaggerate Javi, it's not that bad but
It's not two hours, you too, as you are
exaggerate a lot but he has the face of
c
perform because he has the face to go
to suck up to Loli herself
match the [ __ ] fake laugh too
I tell you in my head that I would be like
the DEA girl grab one
lamp I see you like this you talk from time to time
when p p p some little thing that I say about
time in
[Laughs]
when ar what art has
Peppa from nightmare to nightmare stays
so cool and tells people
that you have there and that's it, let's go, the worst is
that people in the chat are giving him the
reason is not spoken of Of course yes
sure sure sure I am sure
I hear this I stay let's go who
I could make you the videos that I don't
I can. If you believe that, look.
your people smell for your people or for but if
you just have to watch the live show of it.
that there is no need to believe it, not believing it is
see it and that's it
It's not like I know what's going on anymore.
Do you remember when I don't know if it continues?
doing but first on the news
eh there was a part of the newscast that was
They used to make disconnections for each
Autonomous community to count the
news from each Autonomous Community with
The same thing happens with PPPA's live show
surely we see a
live different from the one you are watching
people who follow him in my community
It's about Javi, eh, mine too, too
but maybe in the laughs you don't know
In other communities people talk about Javi man
that this man that we have done is
What a girl, we've done it here.
we took it and went straight for it
straight to find the word for Javi you
It is but with a snout but if there is only
that always put all the live shows
He's talking about you, Javi. No.
I know what it is that there hasn't been one that didn't
I think there will not be any appointments
none who hasn't told you chili or
Javi or not one is that
morro nothing You have to give him the reason there
that agrees with you. Look, it's more of a day.
the 2 hours a day the two hours the
you use Find me the clips and another day
the next day the two hours were
you employ the beautiful kitchen
what a face
eh a sexist comment a comment
macho who has it very hard has it
very hard to to to So don't go to him
say to clean the kitchen eh that is more
chiso Hey
but
I cook any of the
which is also clear, damn it, but come on
the first thing that has already occurred to you
host to grab grab Leo I have
read the chat and slipped into what
I can't handle this machismo, that's why
He makes it clear that's why he does it but if
herself when she drops her cell phone
says [ __ ] that [ __ ] is going to go very well
Manuela Thank you
that you have not reminded him to leave time
to look for dad of the 240 but
Listen to me, what did you say to me? You're sexist.
because I told him that I used two
right now go to the kitchen
[ __ ]
[ __ ] two hours If it is generous because the
kitchen pay you milk
[Laughs]
I know myself
character is a comment
sexist the
damn, I have to have an hour at two
start searching for cli as there is none
cli a year given time beautiful But this
It's that I'm asking you for the cl where
I crush Loli so that Loli
I would respond and a channel would be created for me
You know, give me one, even if it's just a come-on.
dedicate half the edge to the kitchen and
half shore I won't tell you more but
one put me one does not have one located
Peppa One Swims
more than has a problem This lady
with the life that others have and the
money that others have, not him
You have the problem and you should take care of it.
make look I would have it looked at I wouldn't
I have no problem with life or
with other people's cooking or with the
The economic life of others has not been my
worried you are never the one who is
always so worried. It will be because of course
like Well, I don't know what Too bad I don't have it anymore
talk to Loli if not I would tell you or Loli
During this time, take a look at the
how much money did you give to the
month is a lot eh but if that is already known
He said if he already did it, he already did it
of accountant Where he was going he has it
written down in a notebook you don't need
not even asking him
gave gave Exact exact and yours the
takes her takes her accounts takes her
also but not understood it or rather it does
a year and a half that we have been fighting
with her and she's saying that I'm
pending Loli because I just got
lower the or rather it is that it is not that it is already so
absurd is ca is in the absurd and in the
silly right now I mean now like Pepa yes now
was the one who put it into his head that
outside of our channels and that
was in his at the end no no
I understand. So it turns out that's you. That's the
That's the excuse she gives for
clean the kitchen Well I don't know, maybe it is that
He is jealous because that is the excuse
that she uses to avoid cleaning the
kitchen another
and the sexist comment continues. Got that no
Pepa is not sexist, no, no.
that no, that with a rag and the mixture and
start giving it that it is not
sexist mother of mine but but but come on
I
face saying I can't handle this
machismo Come on then, nothing daughter and they took out
a photo on the internet Pepa gives me
just as you have the conuna like you
You will understand that they took a photo in
Internet Pepa who neglects you and the cat
It sticks to that aluminum that doesn't
that you stop messing around Pepa, that you don't
You say Javi is sexist because he told you
give him a hand, daughter, he doesn't know
You can have the kitchen uncleaned until
that you
change I've only asked him
It's because it has a cup in a corner
from the patio a cup with toothbrushes
but that it is no longer just that we
It worries us. We do not worry.
worries that it is starting to worry him
environment Peppa that you clean the
kitchen and until when will we continue without
clean it herself she says that there it is
You're going to see the [ __ ] and I'm not going to clean it up.
Because my son is going to put the kitchen to me
what are you doing and a comment B
Abi Abi joke
Abi continues
I would still like to eat at home
Dad, so you never have to use the kitchen.
No way
No, we also ask for home delivery.
Nothing happens once a week When
I come from late and such And that which My
children have no problem my children
make the usual meals alone
I've always been very lucky in that regard.
My children have never told me "Mom, make me"
a fried egg and it's good that your children
They have had hair on their balls for a long time
many years only my daughter was missing But
Come on, I'm going to ask my mother to come to me.
There's a potato with egg, I'm going to say
what is the problem but the case is
that how you mix you know how to mix that
has to see his children do the
food or do not make it for him who has
asked that Who is debating that
It's not the same as you going home
from your mother to live all in the afterlife
make food but I don't understand
what is the problem that you
ask your mother to fry you a egg
[ __ ] with the f tooth many times
clean things in the house but of course no
I think that is the case seeing the kitchen and
with the explanation she has given in
based on the explanation that has been given by seeing
the kitchen and with the explanation another
sexist comment but what am I
saying deivo with the kitchen I mean no
I understand that you said kitchen and
kitchen is a sexist word, listen to me
that feminists don't clean
You know what I want to tell you women
Today's empowered ones no longer clean
It is but Peppa has to clean it.
Per aje and not clean and not clean the
kitchen such she could have said no
We cleaned the kitchen but what did she say?
I don't clean the kitchen until my son
free talent because I pee every
we clean he didn't say it in plural because
each one has a nail
responsibilities in that family because
We are referring to the YouTuber
Stop messing around Peppa, we won't
tangles that we are not your chat
that we are referring to the youtuber
and we tell you, you clean your kitchen
You put yourself on camera you take yourself off we go
to start talking to your members
family after the atrocities that
They applaud what such and such is
that is really what enre is
comment Who made the comment she
she Who is being answered to
she is already there
There is nothing else she intends
getting tangled up with machismo is not how it is
If I tell her when they have
put to say that when it has been put
She says that the one from Troy is not going to
work because he doesn't feel like it because
It's lazy because it's a comment
homophobic would have the same meaning as the truth
the same meaning would have, that is, none
none Guilla man Peppa you do it
Peppa, you said that the kitchen is not
It's going to clean up in a week, not good.
that it is not going to be cleaned anymore because the same thing
In a week, in two, you will give it to him
son by
called a week or two what it took
waiting for it has
sense a
there is a little bit of a joke
[Music]
but your chat your chat is tremendously
disgusting people who write on it is
tremendously
disgusting I say it and now I turn around
and a half on Twitter in TT where you give the
win because I don't give a damn about you
those are the thugs, the cats and this is the
corbacho the other the other Lili Lili
a little thing with my multi-account
not Lili, that's what Lily said
I don't understand putting truth exp putting an end to it
and has not said a word louder than
not a single word
disrespectful [ __ ] that has with the
cats uncle always with the cats always
but if it has been for a long time
for a long time but it is that even
He denies it because there have been things in which
which proved them right and entered into some
space to apologize and to
tell them that he was wrong and that
they were right
for months later then on his channel
to recant and return to the origin you have already
You already said that you had entered
wrong with her, that is, no, don't continue
Don't continue, he misses, he misses
to the cat and it shows Yes and it shows
period but what does Lili say, cloth of course
for her a little cloth What is the scale what
it is what it is
that they expose it, they talk about it and it comes out
badly stopped is not in a bad place because
you are doing it wrong, that's it
disgusting honest
The chavier says that I have the one here
Chavier, but good people, I'm not saying it.
because it is our chani because the better
nor to hide but come on I am that
ch I don't see a comment that you gave and
In fact, we often go to the minimum
pum le dic Oh, idiot, and they're banning you.
you know what Chelita is like
It's what they're telling you no
Clean the kitchen is something you
You say like, I'll tell you, I'll tell you.
for
You see it has changed, I was going to say it.
The funny thing about this is that yesterday I was
watching a clip of Troy's ard that
suddenly he was defending Pepe
Beltrn on the subject of cooking
We also saw what Bueno gave
What a shame that those of us who complain
cleaning Pepa's kitchen
that we were going to clean it up, Prim is here
thinking clearly I would go first, of course.
He washed those dirty glasses.
Peppa told us he screwed them up.
put and he put on his live as well as
react to I don't know if they were frames of
some Instagram stories of the
Pepa or some vertical video of the
Peppa and Paula were leaving, kissing him.
Thank you very much sweetheart, thank you for the
cause eh thanks for the cause because a
cause eh trust a cause very how it is
Javi is that he even began to analyze
the door frames the frames of the
sliding door I remember I for ha
called has called Peppa that with
all the letters and is the one who has gone to
We haven't been to Peppa's house.
No one told her what he said. He called her a [ __ ].
man
man, let's see, he didn't say it, he didn't say it with
He hinted at those words but left it
very clear Ah I thought I had said it
bunk bed, well not literal but it had
unwashed arms in his bathroom
Yes, you could eat on the floor but
such H that he called her a [ __ ]
Of course, grace is it
left in the hatred in the rage that was
there was
gone
minimum but let's keep it going
This story for the people who have it there
So Javi has now passed away. How have you
managed to survive this year without her
Well, Base talks about Peppa every day.
Of course, Pepa is talked about every day and
people here with the cause giving like and
those things or rather but he continues with that
story that Claro of course if not of
that the Crusade doesn't work Javi if not
But I already see this as absurd.
and stupid we don't take it as a joke
Let's go, let's go after the clicks that
We are seeing that you have the little
ashamed to say that the problem with
She is that if Loli left or not
he left here and stopped or didn't stop donating
as and ignoring the fact that it appeared in
the LoL chat and that he doesn't care about that
no, he's not going to answer one day, you know
that we could be steps that no I don't have
want to do that but now stop
To debunk nonsense is to calculate what
Damn, that's what Loli donated here, let's see.
Like Loli, I remember that at the
better yes there has been some live that has
it was blunt but it wasn't a monthly thing
fixed for many months, you understand me?
It has not been a season, there have been months
that has appeared Maybe later
appears two or three months has not been
a thing here like the one she had
There with Irene and Loli, you know. I mean.
It wasn't here, it wasn't here, that's what I said.
directly that I gave him an imp eras by
Strong Marina but it has not been a thing
That it was a beast with which I
I was counting here as one more donor. If that
has to
hurt, it was his fault, it wasn't his fault
Nobody Him and his chat and his chat No pppa
daughter darling I live I live from My
visits and what I have been living for 10 years
Peppa Peppa, that is, it is not but the thing about
chat I'm going to answer it because that's what it is
They have said many times and they are always there
saying that Loli was treated here
fatal to Loli what was given to her was a stop
because he was going too far and he
chat criticized certain comments that
had and if you don't like it I'm sorry in the
soul no you are not even the navel of the world
nor could you allow yourself to say things that
You said you didn't even think you were above anyone and
That was what the chat stopped you from doing, period.
Enough with all this nonsense.
chat treated her terribly, this chat never
I would never allow things that you
you have done and said in your
direct
It has never been said here. It has been said here.
said things to
Loli Loli or anything like that you girls
you have been doing a
year but what if they have been told here
things to Loli that we put on it to see what
something has been told to you that I am
asking for [ __ ] that I don't know what they are
man surely has them a little bit
hand not to manipulate in that
so to say look how bad it is
Javi, get out of there. Come with me. Don't look.
what they are saying in other chats you
You ask me anything about her
have said of me I do you like this in a
pum pum moment and I'll put it in your
ugly screen whatever you ask me now
Same What did roli tell you? Well, look.
Here you have the demand Pin Pin
page four I see page 3 and here you go
the video takes the c and Peppa who has said
pppa take it here I have it pum pum [ __ ] What
It is what has been said about
mantra and repeat a lie to see if
it becomes true put it to me that is it
what have I said about
LOL in the end the strongest thing they have is
to insinuate and point out something but without
demonstrate it without showing it, in the end
What she does, Loli does and that's it.
Of course, it seems to me that Loli is the one who
has crushed in all the ch except in
this trust what you
I say you weren't anywhere
presentation of the book who
you were that I was not at the presentation
From the book Big Brother by Gilda Sonia
a
I kiss her now
nonsense A
see it is not going to show it we take advantage
to leave a good one
like the courage like there good
so it seems that people are there
people who are already getting off too
They are not realizing that about Loli
Loli seems dumb but smarter than
what we think
I don't think so. Do you think there are people who
Elena is realizing, man
Obviously, of course, of course I do.
that on the contrary what I have seen is a
movement of the entire Peppa chat
saying that he felt sorry for the other one
Well, Peppa, but in general, people
when it starts attacking you it is
when you start to realize clearly and
now
as clear now with Tania Claro clear
but let's go that
not so much
but nothing of Pobrecita was of igo
It was igo's but Gilda was going to be the godfather
I think it was something that I don't remember.
remembered from the book The nonsense that is
makes you answer that if your book is not
I've been if you were where is the photo Te
I can show the photo who had what
It happened that way it is what it is
I'm sorry but Gilda and I saw him but well
Gilda went to the presentation of the
reverse Here is the separate book G Hero
No, I really liked Big Brother.
I because as for me it was a real
unknown I don't know if it is but there is teaching
The photo shows photos not that you were there.
day
not a photo with all the greats
Gilda brothers and everything shows the photos
you want to look at me, great friend of yours, yes
Sir, I have a good memory of you but what
the minutes he was on Big Brother
what good has he gotten out of it, my goodness
Yes, but F, you trust me with what is
comparing that if she has a photo with the
People, come on Pepa, it's that you have
contestant It's that I am audience
I am an anonymous person, it has to do with
Of course what are you comparing me to?
that if I have been I have not been in a
Big Brother event with the
contestants that the photo is that yes to a
wherever I have gone I have been wrong
It's not Gilda's, I think Gilda Was
So I don't sponsor him.
okay, let's see if I'm going to say something
that is not exact, they will also take it out
This was in the center of Seville and the
igo was there, he signed our books and
those things but anyway
Let's see that I have been in one
a book signing is worth how I've been
thousands of times Even in the in the of
Jorge Javier for example that I do not
I didn't dedicate myself to YouTube. What photo am I going to take?
have an anonymous person whose photo is going to
have a book signing that everyone
ways you know as if if I am anonymous
What photo am I going to have?
I do but accept the nonsense that is put to
argue that they take away my [ __ ] clicks
show me the 240 that you don't
You were going to stay Peppa, you are the one
the 240 your image takes out marcsa for
always and that's what you have
Javi, really, if you were there
book presentation you would take photos with
all the Big Brothers because by the
that you have presented yourself three times a day
If you have not been chosen, you would never be great.
there I imagine I don't know with photos I don't know
I would love to see you there, I say look and I don't
I knew him Oh Peppa please
because you talk as if you were a
Hollywood star because it is believed that
Hollywood, what a real embarrassment.
and it was two weeks because the first
they don't throw anyone out
Uncle was there for two weeks because the first one
It doesn't kick you out. Of course, but it doesn't kick you out anyway.
I understand, that is, I have a photo with 800,000 g
brother because I went to the set that I
They invited me to the set, so I went to the set.
been to the set two or three times but if it is
that she even knows that I have been
on the set, my God, you know what acquaintances
all that are things
What nonsense, Don, where she wants
prove that you are right to remain
above being above is absurd
What does that prove that you are worse?
person because he doesn't have photos of course
who is lying and what is point O
I don't understand either, I don't understand either.
I caught it even when I
I'm wrong about this, eh, he doesn't see that he
He doesn't see us nor does his workers see us.
no and when I get in he says this uncle
Listening to her I met the green dog that
another one is trying to lie to me that yes
I have gone to a book not a book and she
who is a Big Brother contestant tells him
to David Cano the green dog That's where
I met the green dog, it is not the one
dog in that lle but Davo It's the cat the
cat cat
locked up is talking to the other guy
Day is talking to Iigo and says Yes yes
I was there, I met him there in person
to the green dog green dog and says no
the green dog who had a page
clear web me thinking I say that's it
closed four-animal
Of course, well, I say I've been with a guy for 3 hours.
you piece of monkey you with earring and you
coffee is already like this
editor Sit Down Sit Down
Hey, he had been with me for five minutes for 15 minutes.
and he told me to go up to the camera test Javi
It is what it is, dude, well, I was there for two
create triumph triumphed eh triumphed one
race a race mete saw Peppa by
That's what they threw at you that you don't like, it's been a
meteoric career, hers, they fired her
because in two weeks you trust yourself but F you
here has been on YouTube longer
because here they can't kick you out and the
The image you have was that of the 240s
who has gone after Loli, the one who is such
Of course if you stay longer in Gran
Brother F, you and that there the calar the
They found it so interesting that they told him
that he should go up quickly, that he should go up
up to the dome quickly but let's go
It's already pissing me off to be talking about an achievement
How many years ago
years apart from that apart from the years already
I would be pissed off if I had been there for two weeks
In the Big Brother house it will be your big
achievement in life is already screw me letter
of presentation not that you have been No you
Don't worry that tomorrow that phrase of yours will be true.
He will answer you no, that his greatest
He achieved his family and his two children
Remember where tomorrow comes out and the
audience and the lycra that she brought brought the
Lycra to Spain You'll see it's true
You'll see, it's worth a crocodile that had to
return a crocodile It's that it's that already
even childish because it is as if
She starts to hesitate It's like I'm
I make her hesitate that she is
trying to be a youtuber and I'm kidding
of my achievement as a YouTuber and of things
that I did on youtube no or that is
as that is not what we are
discussing here you can discuss Yes
wants but it's not what we are
arguing, look, there you can tell
you've gone something big brother but you
I would like to be where I am, look at you, my
son Alberto has not presented himself to the vote
not even Operation Triumph or anything to you
They had the editors bring it this year and
He said no but Alberto does live off
the music Uy the year living off music
and well
Hey, you know, you liked it a lot.
Before you started, you used to say, "Not me."
I like how Alberto sings, I didn't like it before
love it now too and
no this What does Alberto have to do with this that no
I know it will be that since he has no achievements of his own
Well, you have to talk about those of the
Son Ja, he wants to be a musician or something.
Javi I don't understand the comparison.
with
musician non-musician I don't expect it not to
I hope not Carmen Javi as that
depend on how you play the guitar
it
I say there you can tease me but no
that every way as [ __ ] and it has
discredited here the boy in some
moment it has been said that he suddenly sings
bad the boy for what
It crosses my mind, let's go.
that in fact it is the times that it is
He has been spoken of well and is not
has involved him in the [ __ ] that
makes his
mother of that boy I think no one
speak we speak ofol or rather of her of
Angel but he is involved in the angel
mentions why it is
Alberto, of course, got involved. Although Alberto
If that were to happen it would never take away the good
artist that he is and how well he
sings is that those are the criteria of
they, that is, they are projected in Los
criteria of them they suddenly
that he was applauding me when he
He was doing well, he's going to fear you when he
She takes it badly because she is angry with me
you understand, that is, I just don't tell you
I still love Peppa, your son, just the same.
that the first day has to be something with
the other and whatever the mother she has is like
that see how tell me the one that does not me
I love you That's the one I don't like
I love who you are and what you did
with the 240 no one loves it is a
shame
before By the way now
Yeah, let's see, they sent me a few days ago.
send
some who have downloaded people from
that possibly understands many
things that you may possibly understand a lot
things now is more I have deleted those
videos and I said Hey no to me
send me this because I don't want to
know but apart from all that muj that you
we can tomorrow that allusion that can be
for you, for me or for wings, it is no longer
think for a single second about the demand
that we three can put on it
because he is implying that he has been
sent super serious videos of
us and her Ugh how scary but
But you're stupid Pepa, do you think that
image of three people can be stained
so I understand that he is referring to you
although in the chat they were putting and you
I say what you say about Yuno, I say my quea and about me
that it is not public but it is
that I do have to give to myself everything that I
I have made it super public and I say super to
you that this woman does not think that I
I tell you that this woman does not think
when he does things
Oh, how scary, says the clown, but it's just that
They are selling an image of Yun that is not
It is also real as if it were the Abyss
black There it is all, let's see if it
They take out to see if they can take out what I said that I
want anything that I have done or
said in yun is uploaded to my channel
YouTube is worth it, that's the first and second thing.
Even if I had tried to hide it
I have one
repercussion by good grace for some
things and for other things it's me here
right now live I put my foot in it and I
I want to delete direct messages quickly, I don't
can I delete direct running clear or
be that what what what I
insulting those [ __ ]
forum co tiando that I fall short put it
Pepa put what I told you that are some
disgusting ones that have a hole in their face
and that the owner is very ugly and a
criminal I've told you, here's another one
time It's that they really are things that but
Gabi But you Imagine that I imagine
that I will be live tomorrow and it is that it is
What Peppa doesn't understand: I'm leaving tomorrow
direct and say that he sent me a video
from Peppa that I quickly deleted
because Uh Uy Uy Uy get away get away get away What
fear but you don't see the seriousness of that
but it is what is so and so silly but it is
That is what I said before with the topic
of the insinuations Elena leaves the
insinuations there that never come to fruition
clarify and at the end those insinuations in
people's heads always reach
a gravity that is not usually felt
correspond to reality tool F
That's why it's tarnishing the image of a
person deliberately what is
doing her and she says after no no
no no no no I haven't done anything
demandable Sorry for what you just said
making it clear, for example, is required
Of course it is suable, you cannot
stand in front of 700 people and say
What does it have in this case we are going to say about
I'm worth something that has scared you and
and keep quiet that you have deleted it because what
fear reminds me a bit of Pepe Santos
What happens is that Pepe Santos taught
Pep didn't teach anything, Pepe has the
same tricks of winding the insane
and I'm not saying it, I'm making it up and the same thing
Listen to me, it's the same as with what
smash LoL what they sent me
Here you cannot imagine what they have done to me
sent here eh How many times have we
heard that phrase ex is exactly what
same as Loli has been crushed and
I have been hammering at it for many months
until Lolis had to open a
a repetition What does it do What does it do What
He does the sowing but damn it for a [ __ ]
clip So if we have something it is
that we are there for 3 or 4 hours
Here live we are putting on
screen you what I say that it
take out whatever you have, I don't have it
I really don't have a problem
take it out instead of reacting directly
I took out the tests the two clicks that most
See, I can't ask him and he says no.
He has time, he doesn't even want me to tell him
to clean the kitchen or to look for the
Clicks doesn't want either of them.
things nor the 240 Nor is it that
There are already many topics that cannot be addressed
touch Peppa eh has forgive me the
Chat women, eh, forgive me for this.
machismo that now Irene
Lion that possibly is
Margo Who said
That's been taken out of his pocket. Well.
what is being said that Margot is
It has something to do with Irene. If that is so
is saying
true, we don't, damn it, we don't anymore
but I already mixed it for you clo Well but
They also know that they are saying that
has something to do with and is going to have
that
see but it is real There is
I have no idea about the possibilities of that.
I have no idea about that, no
It doesn't stick, however, it's darira and such
No [ __ ] way, let's end up with one
people close to Loli who defend her
all then well the things that
there will be no
Let's know the last name of the sea well. Now it's going
that's the thing because they have found out
that Margo is my neighbor from all the
life because the husband has had a
kiosk here in La Barriada for many years and
We have known each other for many years.
Marg I didn't know her one day Loli told me
so this Margo is such and such And that there is
marg which by the way is not that I like
me about that but you are wrong about one
something intimate about Marg that has been said in
Mr. Oliva's chat yesterday and that
Marg's family did not die from that.
What happens is that it's not up to me?
I'm not even going to say it
I am denying something that
They said in the chat and here 25 people
right now what me
damn a comment as if I had said
Not me because yesterday they sent a super chat
But I suppose you will tell that to the person.
who sent the super chat not to those who
were making content here without
not talking or remembering the family of
Nobody Peppa, this is really a pain in the ass
Hey, but thank goodness Thank goodness not that
he doesn't see us
no, nothing is lost to the donkey, no
It doesn't hurt to stand here and say, "Hey."
I deny a comment right now. There is
200,500 people talking in the Yo chat
What do I know if they say one thing I
I imagine that the moderators in the
moment that is something that goes through the [ __ ]
that I have often complained that
that they even ban insults that are more
slighter more such Or if someone has said
something is a lie that is one thing for
comment Lie to me, not what I say
what lne says, what you say, no
Well this is already the Loli Eh This is already
La Loli Oh my God here comes la la
firewood that what is that is that is the people
that people are like that I was very
in the youth were Oh but my
Let's see things, I don't know anymore.
What do you four think, but I already
the things I take from whoever comes
It's a shame he's explaining it to her
This afternoon the kids are sad, think
like this but for me right now Loli
He takes it and says your wife is a dirty [ __ ]
I don't know how much And surely to the
people in the chat will hurt more than
me because I take it as it comes
Loli's
Javi sent without her knowing it well first
Thank you so much to everyone
who have worried about me this afternoon
I really felt very good and Y
Thank you from the bottom of my heart but I think that
things in this life must be taken
from whom they come and more a thing that is
totally distorted was not what
I meant of course nor did I say it in
what head fits that I am not like this
but how lucky she is, how lucky she is
What Loli has without knowing it is that
we take it that way if we
if we took it another way, imagine where
we were finishing but we have to take things
Who they come from And who I saw Loli from and that's it
not only who they come from is that they have
said so many terrible things in the last few
months that I think we are almost there
that immunized of course it is that I am p
to played or I don't know what it is like we are going to
I see the lawsuit we filed against him
I don't know how many pages it has.
that is not a term here no it is not like
a little fish in an ocean that you catch
insults here and there like the demands
They put me through 7 hours
from video to catch Oh this little word
I can present this little word no no
Loli Huertas's demand is phrased by
phrase like the clicks you've seen Pam
Pam, abuser, stalker, [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] garbage [ __ ] pig I don't know what you're doing
in [ __ ] you are extortionists
you put it in my account is like this So yes
that when the preliminary hearing arrives
before the trial Well, I will present three
or four examples that the saa takes there
say Hey look this person is still more or
except in the same terms it doesn't matter to him
She is being sued and she doesn't care about anything but
since it changes that you present the
direct today has called me what I
have called that now we will see that
It changes more than just a term
At least you don't understand me anymore, it's sad, huh?
But what am I doing now?
Well, I see it here, I see it with you.
We follow the story that they bring and and and
We answer how we can answer without
enter into what they enter but that
There are people who think that
because there is a procedure you do not
you can answer or you can't speak
already from a person you have
sue or if a person sues you
you can't talk about her Let's see the
The demand is for these directs of this
date to this date Now if I in the other
moment when Anne or whoever wants to take it
and file another lawsuit for another of the
live shows that he is doing now because
will it be put or will it not be put, for what do you know?
but there is nothing else left for me
less because we are here watching it and I already
I take it It's sad but I take it like that now
So right now Loli tells me your
Mother, I hope she dies, I don't know how much and
I'm not going to go with Goj here, boom, boom.
There have been times when it has happened to me that I have
told someone something and maybe I have
I could break or I could have gotten excited or something
but no longer no longer what is going to happen to me
To say that I am already surprised by the bar
It is that it is I think it is at the top, of course.
since he is going to say worse than what he has
said what he says before giving it to
Play if you are
a kiss sun heart
gorgeous H wanted to put up barriers
security mallorca When the sea is
Aunt Elena is also here
Please Elena change supermarkets okay
Don't go to the market anymore, change
supermarket because your digestion doesn't
suits you
well the moderator of
Loli confirmed that she is Peppa's friend
that
There is still tea here
lactoria but they don't speak the same way or
Nothing Of course when people see the
Who would have thought I know Sevillians?
Those who don't speak like you are not so
scoundrels, I have to make a video for you
It's a marranilla marranilla for slaughter
Because I may be a little pig But you are
a piglet for
They kill Ah, what did Cerda tell you? No.
Marranilla told me to Marranilla
Marranilla Ah well but it is marranilla
half affectionate No, I thought I was going to be like that
affectionate But well a little bit the level
that she showers every other day
He said I have my doubts, eh, I have my
doubts because she has it
said tale of
what something of Elena something of Elena something of
Lena's hair, I don't know what something like that has
said but let's go that I have doubts about
Let it be one day yes and one day no, eh, I already said it
I say [ __ ] between the pppa and it is in that
they spend their time
life because then Here neither do they believe
the great thing about content Of course if they are
super busy but of course what they create
Well, cooking is a big party
very hungry
good hunger
nights
I wasn't putting it as Elena HP or
I say what I want, okay? You see that.
You don't care if the neighborhood hottie is for you she's hottie
from the neighborhood and whenever I want where
want and whatever money you give me
win is worth being more disgusting than you
starving aunt starving
ask your friends for five duros like this
You can eat something else, aunt, you've already
you have already used well what you have
you have used starving You are a
starving [ __ ] using
illnesses even of your relatives
I guess you're right because you have a lot
free time to have people in the
living room The truth is that yes example mother
mine is that I this dear to me this already to me
I don't know how Elena will take it, but
It doesn't offend me, I mean, I have you.
Honey, you already know that as we go to
I'm here for whatever you need
husband and your daughter as if they were mine
But this comes to me from Loli to
not me, not me. Or the one that has to be
She feels bad for saying these things
That is to say, who this portrays is her
You are not telling him anything that you
I misunderstood you, you speak worse of her
that speaks of me, of course, of her, not of you
That's a given, but for [ __ ] free.
is bringing Elena's family into the
Elena has not gotten involved in all this because
they are not
be the [ __ ] hypocrisies of the
families do not get involved but the one of
Lena right now or anyone's
we at another time yes no it is already
good
Damn, they are not human beings like her.
Lan you not selling her is a human being
that has broken will have to vent
some form like cokes no that that
go to the bathroom so much because my daughter
My daughter died from this, she did not die from
my daughter died of cancer
car accident but in the case of
that she had died of cancer
The answer that Elena has given is
disgusting because she having her
Mother, as she says she has cancer, what do you say?
I can follow that answer.
talking on the phone I can continue
looking at the keys with it is worth it
I have the pain, I have it inside, okay? And
You don't have to say that I'm fine
I'm fine for writing
Yes of course I'm fine for
to write and to defend you too I am
very well because my head is going very
Well, you will allow me to do this, which is a
person who is not YouTube itself does not
we pass that it doesn't make any sense
what happened has absolutely nothing to do with it
No man, I don't even remember what
mention was made in that live broadcast that
Javi, really, no ...
This This is a collective madness that
They have given them this afternoon and look at what
way to play your anger eh Elena you are a
You are a [ __ ] scoundrel.
[ __ ] scammer and you are a person
unscrupulous is worth it
Elenita does not have even a minimum of
dignity not even a minimum I believe that in the
you don't even know the word family because
since you say you have some family
you spend little time with them
simply to win
money had called me someone who in
another social network had seen you and not
I wanted to pay attention, I didn't want to pay attention
because for me you are a lady who
does not deserve the
shame Well, he does dedicate time to Elena
You can even sell your mother for a hard one and that's how it is
you did it, okay, beautiful, that's how you did it
you have exposed your mother to the disease
and on the sofa and in the living room Look who
Look who's talking, the one who has spoken to us
even taken the audios of yours
Yes, it's the day after doing it, eh?
you should put a stitch in your mouth
my goodness see
DEA you find out you found out Elena like this
you have done it if it is true you have sold it
for four duros and if it is a lie, even more
I would do anything for you since you are a person
without any dignity
okay not like her that she has invented
a life and has absolutely exposed
all his family my mother the Rayito de
Luz has a problem with money
accuse everyone of being dead
hunger and when she had it she
spent on being the center of attention
You boast. Tell me what you boast about. You know what it is.
What do I want to tell you? No, but why is it?
a human being I am that you what
It's just that you're not understanding it.
the reaction of a human being who is
feeling offended by the combed hair that
I'm in that live
eh She has no scruples This aunt no longer
has scruples and Elena de Ortega I
I shower every other day, wash yourself.
that I love it because it has been
said like a sasca eh piss a d
another day I don't get over it once a month I
Whether I need it or not, I need it or not.
no one day no Loli it's not true eh It's not
Tell the truth, tell the truth, Loli, no, that's not it.
It's true that these people don't put it either.
Here wanting This can't be but it is
that he told you like a sack like a
get over it get over it I'm not asking you what it's worth
Look, really, one day yes and one day no, that's it.
It's throwing the house out the window to see if
you shower
so much to see if you said so much Elena
One day yes and one day no, what a rush eh?
It seems that you are not very into that
about the wash, Dale speaks, my mother and
Chichi What kind of machismo is this?
woman, a woman as she sees Peppa, you'll see
will empathize with you
says the
Inspector is a lady who is good that
It was me who knew I would be pretty before
start this now you can see his face
disgusting that's it, you have a [ __ ] face
disgusting disgusting to love Loli you have to
have it going on burning eh goes on
burning is motivating as it goes
talking you know It's going on, it's going on
adding up is motivating you disgusting [ __ ]
disgusting disgusting face comes up
she gets excited, yes, she's not going any further and she's a [ __ ]
you're a [ __ ], eh, you're a [ __ ], eh
a while [ __ ] So I call you [ __ ]
you call yourself a [ __ ]
Okay, but damn, but I know it is
handsome heo eh He's handsome
J But and
me but
but what part was roasting what is it
that you had said there about Margot I think
What was Margot's thing? No, well, whatever.
thing but it has been all because of
Margot eh Because then the rest have said
Well I don't want to see anymore
more marot that I don't remember that
what we said about Margot that what was said
all of sea a message that was read a
message a message a misunderstanding but
She has taken it there and has not stopped
all the time with Margot But what
was that someone told us that Margot was
Pepa's friend, I said, damn, I don't
say yeah damn I didn't know that it's not it's not
it doesn't go that way it doesn't go that way
not a [ __ ] and with what you've done today
With what I just heard, I don't believe this.
I've seen it but I'm not going to tell you either.
see because I don't want to vomit because
Seeing you is worse than some others
things because you are worse than
that
worse with what he did today I don't know anymore
can fall lower and crawl lower and be
person Mrs. Elena de
Ortega, that is, but he is referring to
something from yesterday's live Yours and Mine yes
Margot's case affects a family member
that Margot lost But Javi, really you
you trust us when we tell you
totally trias that has nothing to do
see what happened send a super chat
saying that when they were telling it
of the let's say the relationship that they could
have Irene and Margot not that if cousin that
Yes, that's good. And then they say that
Margot has lost a daughter to a
illness and I say well I'm sorry
the loss of Margot but let's go that no
affects what we are talking about because
It's okay that he actually called me
to talk to youtubers Well that's it
is that I stopped talking about my daughter
He told me to stop talking about him
daughter, but madam, when do I speak?
his
daughter, the first thing that would occur to me
no, no, no, no, I set limits, no
like your chat this afternoon not like your chat
This afternoon they were talking about that
Karma would have to exist with my daughter
hosa the chat was saying that
today that karma has
Ah Margot is one of the little houses that the only thing
that wants is almost all the sites and
upload to all sites by phone
talking about there they were putting their
red hearts true Carmen were
making their hearts red
as I wanted to call Peppa everything wants
Margot already wants to be in everything
as a protagonist, that's why he has become so
Loli's friend to be the protagonist but
It's just that I didn't give it much importance.
come on now you are doing it for me
remembering now why it is not a thing
clar at what moment son did you know me
That's why you didn't give it the importance in
what moment am I going to make reference to
to the deceased relative of no one
despise him You know what I don't want
and I'm sick of super chat like that
or comments like that are put in as
for Oh no Margot, let her say whatever she wants
Open whatever you want in the green chat to
Whoever you want but don't answer him
because it turns out that what does that have to do with it?
Now don't play that game all the time.
We saw that one, but look
keep in mind that And what applies to that
now it's not like that at all
But and now
this
Sure, good, but it distracts attention from
why because it has to divert
attention or in other words, in what of then of what
We talk about Loli from the sick of LOL
from all this and with this victimhood
They cover up because now they are talking about
This and not the other, I see more than that
an excuse that is needed as one
excuse to let go of what
she also also also grabbed
any excuse to justify that
dirty pig I don't know what your mother is. Of course
clear
and I am not a white horse just like
you mentioned the same as the name came out
Margot's because someone put it in the
chat that I am not to blame for what
Someone sends in a Super chat and I don't
I'm not going to allow any nonsense here but
Come on, neither I nor Elena herself knows it.
It goes through your head, it makes an illusion or
even with mockery of a topic like this but
that we are talking about but if that is what
we are pointing out or rather but
that part that does not fit in the head that
I think people differentiate between what
what we are and what they are
Okay, but who's going to do one?
comment of any kind about
Margot to me no matter how much I dislike her or
that is how I am going to be commenting
that is that no one man please pores
But if he told me Look at many of the
things he also told me is that I
I talked about my family well and he gets on my nerves
fatal family and it makes me feel like I
I'm a bad mother just like that and yesterday I
I spent two hours talking to Javi about
that private things should not be taken out
that nobody and I was the one who defended it
position that no if they don't understand
It's crazy Cole four that they have in the
chat and she's like well why does she give us
today and and see, I know, I believe, I believe
who see windmills or fight
against Windmills and they believe it
themselves by God but the other day
When Loli was so bad, the only one
Margot's concern was that
it seemed as if Margot was poking Loli
That's what she went up for, that's what she was
I just wanted to say that I don't poke
Loli eh That was the only thing I wanted to say
when her friend was there devastated
for all that family stuff
It's my opinion. Of course, it's the same as what comes out.
From Margot's chat imagine a scene
Like for example when the husband left
and we said to him, "Well, look at the boy what?"
He is handsome and attractive. I would have taken him and
I would have said don't mention my husband and
and he would have told us the same thing to me
done to me has done it to me that I of the
husband said such and he told me that if the
mine that if cuckold that if my daughter that if
and I said to the husband, hey look how handsome
the only thing that maybe looks at Maybe
We can envy Loli her husband who
Look how handsome, I don't know what's good for me
He called me everything for that
is
You see, for something good that
that is said about her husband that he has not
said no one spoke and what's the point of talking about
my husband and I don't know what then
takes the sidewalk and takes advantage and with that
Sidewalk insults you, you such Although you have
said Hey look at that Majo the man or a
comment So don't be so that you don't
be evil and she already catches it And with
That excuse makes you a direct and puts you
the whole broth is direct because it is
She is sick with anger, with rage, she has a
a lot of complex is quickly seen and
have you seen let's be realistic have you seen
the business here and there is no more and she sees
money and sees people and sees this and sees what it is
and each time he will upload more videos and
more direct and two channels and if not
open four and there is no more Carmen now
who talks about money I don't know if I don't know if
Did you see when she showed the income?
from YouTube and showed a graph Well there is
a live if you want I'll show it to you
where Well, as I don't know if it has been
exposed that let's see Loli's I think
that we all know that channel
He has already said publicly that the income
was going to be donated to a good cause
not some association because it took in a
directly took out the Money Chart that
had won and the aunt taught only
what was in super chat is worth it
that were 170 but then they have the
members advertising revenue and
boms in case I already said it too
that any bizum would also be for
This type of association If you want to see it
but well in the end yes in the end but
Well, I really don't care what
Show only the Super chats that
show everything because the thing is that there is no
donated [ __ ]
Hey, what a gang, they have the NGOs.
solved Eh yes yes the chest gopers
My goodness, they are in danger if you want
I'll pass it on if we don't continue with this.
that you want what you want Beyond
that's good Beyond that but it was a
interesting topic
Well, I saw Peppa one day.
He showed the income and it was like 500
or something like that, where super chat comes in and
everything goes in because the screen was seen
major
And Loli seemed to hear that
He said something like 400, 800 or something for the
style that I don't remember 600 a day
I don't know 600 like that and he said it and it's like Well
Look, I have charged more than they are.
talking about money people that I said
Damn, all these people, damn, who come
They've started here. Damn, I [ __ ] on myself.
I worked for 3 years without pay
super chat and such seems like a lot of money to me
eh no I don't remember
F no but I remember that day because
made the comment that I laughed at because
I didn't know that she watered herself
Memberships were given away. In other words, they were given away.
memberships to the people Then he said
Of course, damn, you're not going to have that much money.
If you have paid half of it yourself, well.
Virtually every man only 12
They are just the only ones who have signed up
volunteers the rest have been given the No
She says that I'm already worried about those two
They have also become members because they have
that by one's own will the rest is that
It's your turn there in the chat, don't you
I'm going to say one thing. He was impressed.
see her today So I'll eat as you say
Javi we are more or less
accustomed to the chat
it was let's see nobody nobody is going to
say that it is happening nobody has
criteria for saying Hey but sorry I
I didn't understand it that way or no one no no no no me
visited
I have seen many occasions but
Of course I understand. When I saw it I
understood And I have assumed that they are not people
of her but they are people perhaps
of the normal communities
ours for example no good is that as
It occurs to you, I have seen for example today
I think it was Candy who came in to say
Hey what's up? Answer him that you're
passing with and quickly eliminate the
comment and they ban you, you know they have very
Of course there is no one there against it
From Loli as they are calming her down, tell her
Calm down Loli close it directly Open it
Tomorrow she might get angry too.
Let's see, any person with two
fingers in front the first thing I would say
it would be and and and with all the letters in addition
You have to be miserable, but now. Or now.
not only her to the chat you have to be
unfortunate to wish Karma on a
girl, I mean you have to be a little bit
unfortunate that if we go with karma
You're all in a bad way, but not anymore.
not only the youtubers but the people
who makes those kinds of comments but
That's what Loli said, that's what Loli didn't say
no ch that's what chat said but it's
Equally disgusting Javi, how [ __ ] disgusting
You can say he's a boy, uncle, no, that's it.
I would have seen it if LoL had said it
but those who have no limits
none of them are ladies like that and no
They have no limits, you just have to read it.
and that's it and you just have to see who
They support and there is no more with that another level
eh or so we sadly already have it
We see who is going to support that one
lady if you are not like her who will
support that person because it is so clear
who supports her exao has to be like
she or you win, which is what many have
desire to be the protagonist that sticks to her
has the lead role and that's it, I
I can't find another one
explanation is that I try as if
nor if I tell you because if you tell me to
I think we have committed a crime here
you know but but of course not
We have man complain stop not complaining
defending Loli from all that has
It's a joke to complain about insults from
I don't know what about them taking out families
defending this lady because she is
traca man but he doesn't have any
sense people are like this
community that what do they defend if not
There is nothing that is comparable of course with
What Loli does is incomparable.
nothing absolutely nothing and nopr nothing to the
the least I can tell anyone is there
They said you don't realize it for her
They have how he can say everything, everything
It is justified and the others or me
Whoever the minimum you say will grab
There they create a drama, a victimhood. Hey
Damn, but this lady has the right to
all for Yes your community Elena yes yes yes
yes yes Sorry sorry yes yes ges is
making arrangements, yes, it's not that I
He was also blowing his nose
I'm cold and I say why not?
It would sound like waiting a moment, poor me, who
there is no limit that is that which is already
Sadly, it seems that the most assumed thing I
Come on, Loli says it, I don't care.
It wouldn't surprise you either, I tell you.
They encourage him to be like this, they don't encourage him
that it is in another in another register
They encourage it to be like this because they want to
Circus and that's what they like well But
It's enough for the Circus to tell me
abuser or your [ __ ] mother or son of a [ __ ]
from your community no no and now who
also get into the movie of
victims of them too
attacked of course you remember what
We said at the time with Slvame that
the level was already here then the
people she asked from here up
Well, exactly the same thing happens to us.
normalized to such an extent
nonsense that you want more clear Yes yes
s that seems more and more to you yes But what now
you can see for example a question
for the
four I give you free rein to your
imagination no don't give me too much Ho
Please no, no, but let me tell you what.
you
It would be surprising that I can't think of anything
absolutely now
surprise nothing nothing No no no no no no
I'm not surprised by her at all, at all, at all, but
It's one thing that it doesn't surprise us and another
The thing is that we should not be disgusted
You also know what I'm telling you, it's clear.
vomiting man Yes of course but since you
surprises or rather that is what I
I'm saying that Loli already says it.
I would say okay, yes, if you have told him
Victoria that her dead mother is there
dead because the worms give her
through the clear ass comes the
moment says so many stupid things that nothing
It seems clear that we are used to it
so much nonsense that everything is like
Well Loli says it, Loli says it at the end.
What draws the most attention are
people like Peppa who goes out saying
that a human being saw Loli is not
a human being Loli is a
monster as a bad person
Exactly Carmen behaves like a
bad person and takes it
has no empathy for anyone or anything
nothing nothing Peppa is not like those of fate
that Peppa is aware of what
what is supporting and doing your
paper for I mean let me explain Yes yes of course
Peppa is aware that it is her turn
position yourself on that side which is the one that
has to play that role and she is
aware that LoL is doing
he is doing atrocities
And if we had not stopped him
talking Peppa would be in this
clear side has done it in fact let's go
has done in others
occasions according to you according to you have
in the living room someone very sick and very
sick and wants to explain something to me.
please take care of that
Do you want me to skip it Elena, no, this is not
Calm down, calm down, it doesn't matter. It's not that
I didn't expect it to be so more or less
I was like Dino, but you
You know you close the channel that I don't
I'm going to close okay And you come from the
yours and do your thing with your [ __ ]
shitty family I that when this
people do these things for me the best
it is on the contrary to expose it to expose it not
not that everyone can see it Of course
humans
Well, the humans from the other day are fine.
instead of giving explanations of why
she did a live show completely drunk
putting on his mother's audios he gets
to insult me and my entire family
for no reason
none who see it all
It's true that you are a piece of [ __ ].
of person
shame shame of woman That Ed a
[ __ ] [ __ ] of a woman a disgrace
Shameless scoundrel and people like
You say it is true that it would be necessary
remove it from social networks
just like many who withdrew from other
social networks okay And now if you
we will do
case how can it be so extremely low
creepy How can you be so bad
such a bad trip in quinine But where is it
You can get here here already with what you
This lady has gotten into the RCA scene
You have a daughter who has also
appointed go and make sure that he is not
too much time on the street and alone and and
from education or already has children and
grandchildren Then you go and take care of them
yours, go [ __ ] yourself
brave lady is miserable
you and now gavi take and defend it
that just said that there is
you don't even have enough to sue, eh?
No no no it's like talking to a
a
chip is that it is already sued and does
this eh
but no, but you don't care at all
in life yes But what is her Which one
It's clear because it's a pain when they sue you
the first one you slow down a little bit no O for that
The less you try, the less you see it, the less you see it.
how much is stopped, but how much is
woman is not well any man in
his sound judgment acts as a pu Well that's what
You are saying they have put one on me
demand I'm going to loosen this is not any
nonsense aside that you do not come out of the
heart to behave like this a person with
two fingers in front does not get like that without
what are they telling you without having seen
But how can you say that I have spoken?
of his family is to release bile for
let go and trust everything that is
They say and misinterpret everything they see
because it is not right because it is not right
exactly and why do they prick it because
This comes from Margot who has set up
that drama
that they told me that I don't know what he is
That drama that I still don't understand
the drama because they haven't told him
nothing but you see how they heat it up you see
How they cheer her up, you see how Margot looks
This is it
But let's see, I understand that in any
normal moment in all of history If of
suddenly I wasn't like everyone else
very united against us and in others
Sometimes we go to the line, Lena knows it
also and well And photo that it also carries
many years watching all the gossip that
I have had throughout the whole
history with now another youtuber
youtuber like this this for example that
We are seeing now This is the typical
that all of us, no matter how much of an enemy we are,
they put in one and say or listen to me Let's go
up to the pppa itself If I had a
little bit of shame tomorrow Wait
wait, you don't have to go very far
far from what Tania and I did
with Tania of course when when Tania
when he insulted Tania for two hours
We said what a terrible thing for God's sake and the
Tania who against us directly instead
against her it is true it is true but
with this with the pasta roll and such
has acted in a way that is
that has made him get to where he is with
the pasta roll has been given a
relevance has been given a treatment
different they have allowed him eh Everything is for him
They passed the hand and there it is This is the
character who has been
created go [ __ ] yourself, madam
what a brave wretch you are
Now Javi takes and defends what just
to say that he has neither understood nor realized
aware that I was not aware of the
He's there manipulating Iren with Marg.
Loli the irena the Margo the Loli and I don't even know
has learned of the scoundrels and the
scoundrel that your friend has released there
in the pure direct lady Neither Javi nor
no one because the only one who has
understood like this with the ass for
victimizing yourself is Margot and and and then you get it
counting on you Punto Pelota and that's it
exactly the same of course Damn me
I'm a complete piece of [ __ ], I'm not going to go to her anymore
let's see more, this is a dead [ __ ]
from hunger this V She sells her friend
and for a penny this bush is this
kills for a penny sells even his even his
Mother, the best thing the [ __ ] has never said
[ __ ]
You are very obsessed.
I see it white apparently and according to you
he must not take it out of his mouth
remembering Hey, you take off the camera
just like others did two years ago
For months now he's been calling me a cocaine addict.
totally yes I was
waiting but why cocaine addict pu
Well I don't know because there is a part where
we were talking you and I and with him
half a debate we had not about family
Yes family no I don't know what and I tell you yes
Javi but the family thing could be
another debate and tomorrow we won't even talk
AIDS or drugs, that is, as a debate
we can raise a lot and she says Oy la
He is obsessed with drugs.
with the drug session with the
drugs are worth it
Okay okay, sure, but why?
she understands, that is, she grabs that she quit
the smoking chamber does the same thing
she that I also removed for
smoke many times and Elena was
removing the camera to smoke and she
I was making the comparison with
when you saw the debate with the
from the delox that they went on excursions you know
what you
I say yes
Of course it has been said with those of the with
those from the salsera or those from the
I don't know what the kids said, or that's what it is.
that's what hail side clear what happens is
who says it in half language and in that way
way Yes of course but I gave it to you as I
It's strange today that Peppa hasn't arrived
to ask him to calm down that pissed
A lot No man because today she has
seen
calm but she is super calm Elena
I don't know why. Look at her, she wasn't there.
She was upset and hurt by
Margot Ant Then it would have been yours
been that Peppa came in to tell Loli
She's letting off steam by insulting you
It was already like the other day, relax
Go to sleep, tomorrow you'll see him again.
other
way he explained it, tomorrow he will tell us
Tomorrow he will tell us Yes yes mother m the
feelings
as
yes as if
had people who come here to do
blood to mistreat, mistreating, balls
talk to you
It was your turn to see
you
you had
The unfortunate reality of life is a
unfortunate this was it
seen
the family will be fed up with
She has the balls not that she has
quear the [ __ ] fam you guys
pain in the ass
Hello, it's toner tomorrow.
Chaver, I don't know if this happens, lady.
that there is a lady
doing another level, but I'm not surprised
This is neither a turboplane nor anything like that.
These are the things they do, eh, this
No, well there is one there
Hey, there's no way to send Loli.
There with the kids there is some
way to do it or not a debate of
She is with the LERL and what happens is that she has to sue her.
There they can stay with her there, those of them
the kids there is a way or it is not known
can but the girl
They ask the tradition to the
kids that
That's why he complains about the chat of the
hooligans as I catch up with those from the
Chaler that they have me in the chat of
crabs how will interpret it is
died of
[Laughs]
hunger that you are a Galician drug dealer
Who knows, faria
faria said that I am a [ __ ] and you are
a champion [ __ ]
but when you said that you are a
[ __ ] that or rather says day that had the
dirty hair and I referred to it as hair
Because if I was calling myself an alcoholic
I don't know what he was telling me, don't believe me
that I was the first to get up saying
I'm going to mess with Loli. I was
answering something and well then she told me
she thinks I'm a [ __ ] and she
He showers every other day, what a shame!
At least say that you shower every day
Loli, how embarrassing
not with the days and days thing. No, that's exaggerated.
a little thing, coo there, girl championship
wipe your eyes because what hair
caught here doesn't mean it's there
dirty and let's see if you're a disgrace and you leave
to do something else leave me alone eh what
You just have to mess with me because
You have nowhere to fall dead You are a
You damn [ __ ], you have nowhere to [ __ ].
drop dead take care of your family
leave me alone, paint yourself something, kick something
[ __ ] wretch or today today I
put up man today you have it
raving normally she is never
This is how you have been today, look how
There's Loli, she's usually somewhere else.
tone How are you?
you pass look look how it is put by look
She who is normally calm is
that the but surpasses surpasses Coto Matamoros
and what you put in front of him
Loli surpasses the star of
Martian Chronicles in its day You already know
I say Hey but there would be times when
that with the people I meet here in
internet hab there would be times when
I would love for him to sweat everything out of me
both and
power comes to mind a few
that I love you have no knowledge
If you don't have knowledge, of course it is.
what happens to you is not your knowledge
none but let's see he doesn't give a damn about anything
until the days start to arrive
consequences then I don't want tears or
be clear but you are already preparing
papers As if it is not good
How about you? You'll see, you'll see later, it goes
to come out with that in court but now
He does it with full awareness. I
I understand that it is not worth it for you to say no
It wasn't right or I don't know what. Well, that's what you
she's going to say Javi can say [ __ ] the
Let's go. Hey, thanks a lot for the chat.
are worried don't worry don't worry
Don't worry, I'm really fine.
I'm fine, I'm fine, don't worry.
Hello, I'm going Chamorro, she doesn't go out, you know.
what she doesn't know is what it is like to lose
a
daughter really is that what is absurd and and
and I just can't get into it
This topic about Margot and such because it is that
let's go
It is true that it is one of the things that says about
karma desires prominence of Margot and
there is no
more Yes but that happened to me
unnoticed that was not had the
greater relevance or was it a comment
for any normal person but they
you have to hold on to these little things
for this and that's it, that's it
any normal person too but the
He took it as an excuse, excuse man, but
If I had already given a lot of
Cane to Elena who has to have it, who has it
hooked on the Fang and won't let go
and that's it and it's excuses I wasn't going to
say that also with Elena being
live with Pablo Franco and year of
another way also very different than already
you mentioned it here if it doesn't have
sense when it was believed that I
He named the Bo case and the pains
you go that it was her yes yes yes this has it
done a lot of times but it's good
that all the demand that it already has
part of Javi's wings and the other person's
that all demand is based on
in the same distortions as her
has done things that have been told to him in
other sites always eh And he has answered
Well, along these lines, but to other people.
Of course Exactly Yes but I for example in
the in the topics with me and with Anne I
blamed Peppa in a certain sense
eh I blamed LoL in the sense no
check but in the sense that you
They were warming up and telling him not to
They are giving you this, you have to
answer don't be silent No but of course now
Here what we are seeing is
like the same people who do not care about him
She keeps getting everything wrong. Of course.
She keeps getting it all wrong, Javi.
The thing is, he never has one.
person at her side who truly appreciates her
and tell him no Wait wait Wait that
This doesn't take her out of it. But you
do you really think she is
misunderstanding because I don't see
the possibility of misunderstanding
that I'm doing well that I don't understand but yes
still if today I was still telling him
ar of Troy Yes because the other day
You said my father was a [ __ ] in
Twitter when that was for immita it was not
for her and a week later she continues
thinking that ard's comment
Troy was good for her but she is
well spent, the Troy that was
for her I must say that it gives me
Exactly
I was going for her, I was going for him, I was going for him
but but that is to say that comment
It wasn't even for her to wear one
week
insulting each other that he has the understanding
in the ass the other day it seemed to me
hear her ask who would be the
third
plaintiff Well, it will be because we have not
Well said, you will see that it is not a person
which is usually named because Good
only thing missing was no Why
has Yes she has asked you
but he didn't want her, he didn't want her
open according to her because if you don't open it, it won't
exists
Of course, of course, if you haven't opened it, you haven't read it.
Your eyes have not seen it because it does not exist
Sure sure Yes no no But she thinks
so eh if you don't open it it will never
exist
Oh my God, I'm not calling her.
animal or dog or anything like that
But today's event was set up by Margot.
This was set up by Margot This is not from
This was set up by Margot, yes, today's
yes I say I'm not calling her
animal or dog or anything like that
but the comparison is what I'm going for
I see it like you know there is there is perr the
Coke I have a Coke that's why
It comes to my mind but I don't
I'm calling her an animal nor am I
comparing it to a dog or anything like that
style but I mean she has the
need to occasionally explode and
You need an excuse and this one has given you this.
come well today you know is how it gives
Whatever the excuse, yes yes yes yes yes
you know and it's like what I see here in
This is because it is really that already
I tell you that no, there was no yesterday because yes
we would like to now, now we do
we would have had an excuse to be there
same terms less than that and is
here p p p open every day and be
but that is very clear
we could be during the same
months that they have been answering him
on the same terms and never ever
we have put at their height
never the truth is that it is not that it is
height is already difficult to catch eh By
much that you please I will put
talk like that to anyone's family
level to anyone who has a minimum
of self-love of shame because no
One day, one day, a lot of provocation catches you
hot one day but this is in her
It is the tonic and It is normal The strange thing is
when she is calm we are already freaking out
When she is normal and calm we freak out
This is normal for her, right?
the worst-speaking person you can think of
a cotom matamor something like that that you have
seen is that it is not that it surpasses it
anything eh I haven't seen anything worse
to you, you have something worse than all the years
that we, the kids, are a little worse, right?
no no no
No, that's what Carmen says somewhere.
specific moment, that is, at times
We have been able to hear authentic ones from time to time
barbarities but the thing is that this
lady is not something
punctual a moment of heat eh you can
It is normal for her to say that this is
It's a Sunday
exact noon and reacts like this to a
comment to some I don't know what to anyone
what your reactions are is distorting it
turns around and then believes himself with
justification for calling you everything everything
Whatever you can think of is already there, but this is it
Margot cooked it, how human and yes
meets Pepa and quite a misfortune
tell me that I don't know you because
He already has enough misfortune, he is the one who
meet you with friends like you now
that they need the enemies and what
Come on man, let's see, he has his, he has his
chicha that Marg knows Pepa from all over the world
Life has its [ __ ] No, don't tell me that
It doesn't have its appeal, its [ __ ], let's see
damn, let's see what gives you a foot, gives you a foot
speculate Yes of course
Man, well, she's not speculating that
Pablo that we are suing in the
Corua court because Pablo is from there
I'm sure the judges know that and that
It will give us an advantage, that will give us an advantage
The advantage is that we go as if
we needed an advantage here, my goodness
and and it's radiosa you want to call it
Attention, don't let go, eh, attention
attention Irene Irene bells Irene
Irene I'm hungry I'm hungry
hunger
wonderful that going is looking forward to and came
our channels to donate to us but
I'm sure I'm hungry, he says, what's the point?
you can really imagine that I have
I really want to know the truth about Irene
what I really love would pay would pay
right now for for for knowing the truth
I mean, but confirmed, eh?
plan from here this day left here this
day he left there exactly I think
that one day we will know what it is
became a member yesterday or the day before yesterday
became a member of the sios channel I don't come
Irene l point l point eh but the real one or the
tell that false c Ah but that's what
I think the real one. They happened to me.
I think that the royal family has acted
currently present but only as a
This thing that comes out that I know has been
made a member who has yes that has been
made member, that is to say
present, don't you see how it has been done?
member but it has been done it has been done
member or he was assigned a membership or he
touched has become a member did not touch him
made member okay I think one day
let's know it's here
five seeing that I think that a d Look
alne
that
And what Javi wants to know Yes and he goes
forwarding but
already rib Send it Send it while
We finished listening to Loli about Tania
We will try to locate you but we will not
I guarantee that we will see a lot because
I have put the word Tania here in the
search engine and it comes up 95 times then
find out here that
damn yes what he said in response to the
Tania's threat that I want to know what it is
what he said but but it's a premiere
from a couple of hours ago there are already
It is true that being a video
even if you have it there is 95 you get it
I don't have enough with an F t 95
Man, if someone can do the for us
please go looking for it no
Let's see if Tania wasn't what Tania was
a bluff then he will tell it to you
You're saying Loli hasn't told him Loli
that what is not afraid should be clear
And I want to keep my word and put them there.
more than anything because I know how bad it will be
over here right now via chat
waiting for us to put that part in and
will be waiting to see it here for her
to see what he's going to react to
because in the meantime, in the meantime, Javi yes
Do you want, I can tell you for a moment what it is?
prior to the message that you show about
Tania's threat and precisely because
I imagine that's where he'll answer, put it there.
around minute 55 which is a little earlier
before the message goes out
rescue to see if he says something now but
in hers no in hers yes yes of
of today's Loli's already more or
at least I imagine that it will be more or less the
Same style No yes Ah Well I was telling you
in Loli's, that is, good
this one exactly
55 from there on you already show the
part of Tania the message I think that
there you can say something in response already
when you read it you can start putting it
putting it [ __ ]
I've already nailed this and look, it has happened to me
left here today from
luxury a bomb
thank you
how do you see that?
Tania is pretty, it is not pretty
no sea fareno at all from the sea no that
They are not familiar topics, as I am in your
language I don't know what they are familiar topics
please
I don't take Tania. Oh the
obsessions Ah you have it
Loli
lol more for
back 4755 I have
said okay let's see I want to put a screen
complete because Alan just told me
forward something no eh but no no but it is
You cannot post a private conversation
no but so that people see my
reaction my face no Ah okay okay okay
okay okay okay hey eni I don't know the
I really have no idea. I might be
personality And I do not want to enter into
those things are worth it
nor to see alanne has forwarded me something that
It's supposed to be what Nuri told you.
Cris don't put it in full screen, I'll tell you.
I'm sending it as is. Put yourself in
screen to
see that one but now I'm going to tell you
to forward or I will forward it to the
The rest is not appreciated. Yes, yes.
we see Yes it is that or rather I am I am
doing I mean
I'm saving and sending now
this
ah
Wait, that's what I'm going to have to do.
explain with plasticine to see
see is freaking out or rather you are
understanding
to
see I can say
I can do something
say and And that you have sent me one
proof I can say that Irene has to
see with Loli I'm going to say that [ __ ]
Pass it to us, Javi, damn it, nothing. Look. Ah.
Peresa that you had sent it to did not send it to you
I'll send it to you, no no no no put it
put it put it in the group you have the
Nuri's permission put it in the group and that
Let them interpret it and see if it works.
They interpret like me but we go without
none
doubt about that now
only me
I would say I'm going to stay with that, Irene has
one with with
Loli and in public they pretend that they don't
They have glasses that I can't see, read them and you
I see the
[Music]
faces what FJ I'm not reading I'm
reading
Yes, but look where you're reading it from.
in the capture look up where it is from
are
reading is worth it
Of course, okay, of course, let's see.
ch
clear
H
This is worse than Cluedo they say
Here there would be no more detes
No Carmen, it would be a late date, such as that
which but
Man, man, I think we're going to do it.
that was strange was strange was strange that
there were two people acting
Exactly the same, damn, I had
That's Peppa's luck
Hey, you know what, let's go see Carmen.
Carmen, do you say it or do I say it?
you can't say much
not to tell you
God for crazy people Well they have put me
not so much for lime as for crazy No but I
I've never thought about it. Hey, yes, but to me
because they thought I wanted to harm
another channel that received from Irene and as
that I wanted to screw her and I said it to
[ __ ] her But it's clear that I am
thinking for example about this Claro channel
in which it was worth the money to screw around
just to annoy
the same way the way the way of the way of
acting was the way the way was heap
of pasta and suddenly 200 300 500 600
man who has an economy to
do
that but that means then that
always then the messages only the
relationship with Loli because she didn't send him
audio to Peppa was like Loli was the
transmitter of her messages all
very strange but this Nuri is not going to do it
will publish it, I will never tell it
I think that
He says that but I don't think he has any
type of problem eh, I mean, he's not a man
but you can't put it there, it tells you no
you can put what proves such not it
You can put H now but for me this is already it
Let's see, let's see. This is a conversation of
Nuria with another person and [ __ ] there is no more
revelation of Secret nor there is no can
put another one but damn just for
the fact of what is the
conversation would not be necessary Carmen be
simply with the fact of what it is
conversation that you see up there you see it
above what says username
That's clear
Of course, but how come I don't know about the subject?
because she also lies
that he is lying to someone there
She is lying too. She is a
lie with another
lie no longer because it is supposed to
you're saying that it's like he lies and
lies and they are all one of you have to go
removing
clear layers test to see test irut
someone is asking him for explanations and
She makes an excuse Look at the excuse that
He makes the excuse that he doesn't even have one.
foot or head of course This is not a
proof and refutable but man goes
closing the circle a little but the
excuse sounds familiar to me for the family
just like an excuse for an excuse to
that the family swallowed it, asked
Regarding that topic, there it is. Let's see.
having the context that we have and
having this and having that is a
person who acts like a lolol and
Huerta would be very I don't know I see very few
chances that Loli Huerta doesn't
had to do with Irene, let's go
To say it like that is very unlikely
No
Of course because here you already have
He is putting love for Agustinita that
It was devotion to Augustinian that they are
many things are that there are many things Oh
I get angry
to mislead But how could she be
She would never give him another good channel.
don't watch another channel to screw me over
able to give it to us, let's go to whoever it is, no no and
Besides, here you are already solving one
doubt that I had was that between
they turned green in some
occasion Of course it was a role or something
but among them they turned green in
public for
fake it, go along with it and stuff like that
that is to say in
plan is is quite
that there are two people in the world who
appear on such a small channel and with
so much money is that the pasta is something
You can imitate other things but have a thousand
and a few euros to give an afternoon and at
4 afternoons again Who does that madness
It was very unlikely that suddenly and
apart from the but then I get the motivation
to give it to me
that Diego Aral is
that what he has always done to me is
to suspect that they had a relationship was
the motivation to do The
donation is not I'm donating to you
because I want to support because conf is not
because I want to screw someone else
exactly there
It is clear that he gave it in that he gave it
so it was like [ __ ] for such
then the person the person the voice of
That person Who is there another person
man that there is another person is clear and
that I believe that person with those
name not good as far as I know
It was clear that the fund does come from the
same place but there is another person Ah
It is clear that there is supposed to be one
person with that who is not named and those
surnames because there was a channel that
They showed a B and in elum that goes
associated with the bank account is
showed the name and surname Or yes
There is a person with those names
Yes, Irene exists, I don't have one.
there is no doubt that there is one
person with those names those surnames
and in fact I think she was the one who called
In the end we already saw that it was something
that cost us Well it put us off
saying it raised doubts in me that
In principle I think we are all safe
that there was a relationship or that it could
be the same person and And it is that in
several times they did so
I don't know Lolly Weras was live and
This same person was on another channel
Or I don't know situations that I couldn't give
to realize in a person that this is
Lolly made herself werta Of course
So it is true that it fits that
there is a second person who is the one who
can do these things while Loli
You know that it is Margot's egg, you have
read Javi Yes but that is already indifferent or
is a person who helps you do
This good paper is different depending on me
I'm doing well
indifferent [ __ ] in the end what I
I want to know, let's see, I don't want to know either.
the details what I wanted to know is
more or less if there is any and I
I would dare to almost confirm
that man exists
relationship was very complicated eh no
if it were like that, eh, I did come to think
not for a while but for the
made that they had already left
captures in which one put the green to the
other
the voice already had a person in between
speaking by voice already at the same time that he was
one in one place was the other in another
side ent I Well then no pu the best
We are freaking out but of course it was very
It's difficult that I remember the last one.
Irene's last intervention in the Canal
from Peppa who spent a lot of money
to drop several pieces in super chat
eh that was for
deny released a lot of money to
deny that she was Loli that
Only Loli can do it.
done that a lot of times of course and
say you were leaving and then come back again
to deny it, he has left again
done a few times already that is
Irene has already said goodbye three or four times.
times at least and now the question
Peppa Beltrn always knew it, that is, now
already
I knew Oh yes yes if this is how it is
saying nais
Of course man I think so but it's going to
be so that to think that another person
that he doesn't contact her but
contacts Loli so that
Loli passed the message to Peppa that
It's very strange, everything can't be said
the possibility that not but
I don't know if Peppa knows, or rather you
I could say that the reactions that
I had such big superchats before me, yes,
were strange because in the end, whatever
as if he didn't give it enough importance
that is to screw any of us
They give us a surplus of that amount and
[ __ ] I mean
the and and for her it was like something natural
you know what I mean, normal
normal and when it started is that the
first ones were already very fat with
Agustinita and such And she was like normal
That's exactly it. And that's me, that's me.
I have the theory that when
Loli and Peppa got angry publicly
Hey Loli, for me I wanted to continue
supporting Peppa's channel but without
it was known that it was her and above all or
be no longer so much for Face to the
audience that also but above all
I think because of ard
Troy It just came to my mind
Now for example, the ard of Troy did not ask
a turd but Irene started to started to
give before Peppa and they fought
Loli, don't you remember that Peppa said
He sent him and told him: Look, Irene
It's giving where the Gossip does you remember?
It is true
The truth is that my head is spinning because of the
criticisms of what is making money are giving
a lot of money which you don't put in
screen eh No no no no no Look for it yourself no
I was so wrong then
Let's see if Nuri doesn't give him a moment
moment to see if for that information the
you have or rather it is that I have been
for example this came to mind
last we saw of Loli when
Peppa appears and says I was watching your
Big Brother interview and I was looking forward to it
but I didn't know whether to speak or not.
exists there as a then would fit
that while Lolis was fighting she invented this
character to continue winning before
I think it was because of the criticism that I fought.
that Peppa gave him a lot of money that
I don't know what And then as if to give
money but it wasn't her it was someone else
Exactly right because pppa was called eh
that has taken Loli to give her
the rooms, that is, we told him clearly
He made Loli's bed for this.
speculations we can't prove it eh
a way of saying Well I'm going to give it to you
the rooms but it will not be with me
name is going to be another one and you're going to be screwed and
You're going to keep quiet and he's going to receive a thousand and
I'll take you euros one afternoon and you won't be able to
say that it's me, let's see, for me I think, eh
it was very unlikely that they would be
two different people who have met
aligned the acts and they would have coincided
such a small place eh or rather a canal
very small those amounts It's that to me
That told me that no, it's not normal.
that and
what had we done to Irene for her to
Irene wouldn't want to bother her if she didn't
with so many details that no one thinks about
reality that the fact that a person
done to another annoy the other is that it is
absurd to me what takes away from me that a person
I gave it to you Carmen or
sea Look [ __ ] it was clear it was the cach wasa
what was the mantra and what was what
Peppa had messed with Loli's head
that their donations elsewhere were a
way to annoy us is
As J what rocked me is that I
call him an abuser, don't donate to another
No no, I'm not surprised at all because it's a
person who does very strange things but
what a pain in the ass with the name
They say in Len that he did so many things
donations of 240 which was a Clara
mockery of everything that had happened when
one of the people who brought it to light
Of the 240, it was precisely Loli who was
truth is, I would love for it to come out
Because she also acted like
that blocked her because she didn't want to
That kind of jokes were very
offended seap you don't realize FJ What
She justified herself Well but yes
made the entry after her much and
given in that too but well if you already
made the deposit he did it later such that
I think it was FJ, it doesn't make sense
normal people like us but we are
talking about a person who has just
open AB a live right now being
sued and told Lena that she is
my friend who knows what is being said
also with Pablo who could hire him
also since he has a case that he carries
from another and he called her a dirty [ __ ]
disgusting abuser, so what are you going to do?
I'm surprised that you take and and and and this is by
one side putting [ __ ] into the air of Troy and
Let the ar of Troy be he who does not know it
because the art of Troy does not know it clearly
Elena Remember to scrub so that you
do
I'm starting to see the point of discounting it.
let's see It's that it's that it's already it's simply
By probability, it was very complicated.
that in the same circle of youtubers with
how big the internet is, ceran two
people who love to throw money away
because yes because it has gotten into their heads
coconut that if you donate
a to this group you annoy the other and and
It's like we're going to see and more something else too.
there is anonymity but it could have
made those payments to Peppa by bitun no
But Carmen, of course, could have had it with pppa
If we had earned 3000 through bzu we wouldn't have
No one had found out that he had received it
full money and had hit him
help of her life Irene did not want
anonymity but come to give to give papalla
come out this way come out to the
final has been canad Of course if you
If you want to help, send it to her via Vu and
help and buy your mother what she needs
whatever you want and not even God knows
She always liked to be the focus or
be and those quantities that are
insulting I mean it's not a good one anymore
Channel bearer a person who you
Give away 10 members in each live or 50
every two or three direct It's not that anymore
a good one
carrier we are talking about quantities
of four super chat of 240 plus 300
members So we are talking about
INS amounts insulting and without sense
people who are creating content and who
is giving you no no and the motivation is
that we are in a cause in a fight
against someone who we do not demonstrate
that they are simply doing nothing to us
It is a cause to imagine it and then you
love Peppa You love Loli and you
I love Peppa but such a channel that
He makes Loli and Peppa green, that's why we're going
that has neither p nor head
You all know what I remember now
How Irene Len said goodbye to Peppa
saying that it was a study yes yes
that was a
I study the first farewell that was
doing some research I decided that it has been
fired more times after that
He came back again to justify that he did not
It was Loli and she has said goodbye other times
but elegant elegant with 200 bucks very
elegant Look what a lesson he has given us
to everyone
eh like others who leave and don't even give you
a hard this goes But look that
elegant it is very difficult for this to happen
can irrefutably prove never
Of course, what probability would there be?
that that that someone is a relative of
that Loli is inole that Loli is inole and
herself in a fit of something
count is the only possibility the other
possibility that a family of Loli knows
Here are conversations with Loli where Loli
speak This yes also that too but
but difficult Of course but let's see you have the
same perception as me, that is, with this
that we have in itself graphically there is no
very low probability that they will not go
the chiros out there yes What happens is that
right now the situation you are in
now to try to smooth things over
between the audience of one and the other
They are not going to confirm this because they do not
because it would blow their faces up. Of course.
clear
for quara a lie because they have
been laughing at all God the 240
240 the same as with the 240 has
been giving the 240 come come come
but we are talking about a person
see we are talking about a chat that
He just told me that I bought myself
50,000 subscribers and I have 2,000 and that's
Elena gets Karma and
and they are applauding Peppa
There's Loli calling us an abuser
sons of [ __ ], but what we
tell us it gives you
Just like we are talking about the 240
a ch appeared
ah
apci look what Nuri says I have
the
conversations No seriously
Nuri no no
No
those who do not have the conversations anymore
There is no doubt, no, man, of course, let's see. This
It's going to be like this, let's see it by Tania. This
It's going to be like this yes yes yes no this It's that what
strong what
strong Look Joe Hunter sends me one of
the Super chat that Irene Len donated
Okay
Hey, good night everyone, I'm so sorry.
that you see yourself involved just like Peppa
In this mess you can go with your head
very high because my money comes from
my work and I do with it what I like
I'm not going to go into the boring stuff anymore, thanks.
Ana this is for Gossip Ah okay you
film that is not because Don Ana
Gossip, I have nothing against Ana or
nothing like that but the film and its
paper and its things have not been assembled
between them how heavy this is eh or what this is
It's very heavy. Eh. You have to accept this. Eh.
This that assumes it says that assume it
Man, many things come to me
stories and many things that are known
Many details come to mind that
The girls have called me everything for saying
that were the same, they put me Green
They have called everyone everything for saying that the
The purse was the same one they gave me
green
Well, let's see, this is very difficult.
man let's see if it's like what it is
saying n Ah right in the chat already that
It would be irrefutable, but of course she already knows that.
You can't get it out, let's go, Nuri is here
Papo sweats all over and takes out whatever he wants
Nuri doesn't give a damn about that either.
peel Yes I tell you yes
They say that the donation Yes, me too
I saw at first as if to mislead
Sorry sorry we are waiting for me
You're not going to shut me up. Neither you nor 50 like you.
I don't know how it's still not in your head
you have
understood
okay so
that
m yo
I'm not going to talk about her, she's not talking about me.
I'm not going to talk about her, don't talk about me
And don't talk about me
people my family
or tooth for tooth will be spoken of
yours
Okay man, what are you doing, competition?
Which of the two is more mafia-like or
It seems so, but of course here you will have to
say something no or what or bow your head
live shows but at the time I choose
No, I mean if I start at 9 you see me at
9 and if I'm here at 1 you see me at 1
You don't have any photos of me in that apartment?
They have given you a question, do you have it there?
photos of me hanging in the living room printed
or how La Movida that of course you have
entered if I'm going to remind you if I do
I'd better remind you of this.
It's like Look what Tania put on me
such a topic I have not entered Tania you you
Do you remember when you insisted, you insisted?
You insisted that it was a good thing I didn't bet
money do you remember when you insisted on it
of gatan jealousy oes you do not worry that
well remembered the videos for
of subscribers Eh then haa
lucky bomb and then she stays
so wide so Pancha Maybe I'll do it
Me too Tania, so start to
subscribe and become a member because
I might as well do it myself
better let go of the biggest one for
members and
So stop making people think I'm more
Saint and I commit fewer crimes than you
Okay
m that I'm telling you that no what
you lie at what moment you have penetrated done
So
eh what suited you only what you
I was interested. Do you think you were interested?
said your call to the flight and she was out
not a single one was said to you
word because the
you cheated on top of that you talked to someone
who has no idea that he told you in
the first message we don't have
contact who has no idea
But you wanted to be clever, huh?
I'm seeing you out there threatening
to the boss telling him to tell you I don't know what
in the face say the same to Loli, don't you
take advantage of a gentleman who you know
I know he behaves like a gentleman.
straight with your pink pajamas as you opened
against me that night saying that
you were going to take out all the [ __ ] look what
He is telling you why you don't have
husband Open up straight no no no no no
Javi No no no no no no no yes she has a husband
Hey, I didn't say that she doesn't have a husband.
Eh yes it has or well it must have I don't know
If he has separated us a few days ago he has
husband I think Maybe she's not married no
I know but if husband yes
has
I think family, I think it could be that it could be
be that not audio number one now TR
but this is going to be this is going to be seen how
I'll explain this to you. Now comes the third one now.
goes two now goes two
This goes This goes for
[Music]
Here now in pajamas, Yol does have a [ __ ]
that I take it out the same way you said
history
not so familiar topics not to you to you
How do you think it looks on my wife?
and to my daughter that you share one
Thank you Lady, a kiss together
Lady publication
this for
t here here that answers you
tan is a member In addition to the Channel Thank you
such a daughter
soft Loli Tania's response because the
Loli, don't talk so much or lie so much.
because I take out the audio that he doesn't want
let it come out
light answer for Taa you are taking too long
You're taking too long, come on, have a drink and
we will tell you
the thing because of course you are going to expose
my family but we will tell why A lo
better you can't expose it And what about
We can also ask you how it's going
loneliness depending on the occasion How is it
take a voucher for for for for for
come on
but you're not telling Tania no
you know if you are with that yes that you are with him
husband that I don't know what and now what
you are saying the opposite does not know
Loli doesn't know the limits if you just told her
tell Tania that no, that yes, she is there
with the husband says at least I do until
He's telling you I say that I tell you no
knows the limit that knows very well what
He's telling Tania, of course he knows.
very clear that he knows it very well
Well what mor or so it must be something of the
family because what has he said
He has to have said that of course, my mother
HE
It was worth it, it was worth it. Ah, well, what a struggle.
Tania with her
Now let him defend himself and give them away
attacks of the lady so low does not go
that she is human, that she is human and empathetic
and that he doesn't attack her. You think not.
Anne will answer you, man.
I'm the same as always being with his
career in the world of the heart eh Now
So
no because he knows that Loli is a bomb
watchmaking and he's going to release everything, he's not going to
then that's a pain, that's a pain
so much that it has So it's a pain
Of course, fear will walk with fear
always to
see what clo
This Tonight he is doing this
It's good and the Twitter that has the most
put something else because you said
before this boy was throwing it at him
to Loli to see her friend if they go
shots where I am understanding it
Tania makes me look bad, but of course it's going to
leave Tania in a bad light
Tania
Of course, my goodness, my goodness, what about this
night what the [ __ ] is it hasn't made sense to
see no no but this is clear I think that
Tania will do her best to help you.
stop This yes I do not know is that I to Tania
I also see her very Camic
eh No but but if you look now in the
Javi's Channel
Good thing you can count on if Tania is with you.
your partner if not, well you see and if not
What's up?
Dawn, I appreciate the super chat but
That topic really isn't worth it No no no
glue has nothing to do with the
The discussion we have about that is where it comes from
the brown pull has come the clarification
rather do it on the other side daughter
Of course, this is where everything comes from.
that he has thrown at Elena for that reason
those comments and if I have not read wrong
before
and I thank you super chat but not even
we usually talk about is usually in the
another channel And it is sounding like that
you have put or so from that yesterday
You came to cause [ __ ] on purpose
to be able to say everything he has said
today it does sound H just said it Loli
You think that Tania is going to
try to stop it or it will explode
When I hear it I think it's going to explode.
Tania I think it will stay that way
quiet and will try to make it happen
downpour and new controversies arise
and that Loli falls in love with other people
Well then I will remind him every day.
days so that I know not and me too because
I shouldn't be a coward she made him
balls said he was passing Loli by the
Chichi man who can handle himself
olivea according to Ah and I don't know what I don't know how much
and there will be no need for Loli to stop this.
eaten for no no I think I think
that the t is not going to shut up, eh, I think
that will not be silent, there is a chicken Tania is
that will not be silent because it is that
It's that Loli has known her very well.
lines is that not the first time that not
It's the first time we've lost it
force by mouth Of course but it is not
is that what has been cut is that what has
done is worse than saying it clearly
because now people will be speculating
things now you speculate what it is
It may be, but it is before us
saying that
the case of passing I think I don't think that
answer eh not me
I think I think he's going to say a couple of
things to get by and maybe
tell her or threaten to take action
legal or whatever
sea ot
go to me and bring it without
careful
sweat Maite don't make those insinuations
Sorry I put superchat on the screen
because I hadn't read you before but no
I know where they are going if they are going there
shots is not that this is what happens that
of course
are
speculations that I tell you clearly s It is
that Loli did it, she didn't do it
I'm so sorry, they say here, Tania.
He won't say anything for fear of it coming out.
another family, well, Loli, you already know that
It's not that it stops him because tomorrow he will
catch a strange one for any reason
nonsense that Tania says how are you And such Or
maybe she will be afraid of having Loli
It's absurd because it can come out for you
petenera any day even if it's in the
more nonsense
silly well so you know we'll see
see so that it scares you one
Lady with information, it is best that
you release it one damn time for the
except me That's my motto say it let it go and
I will assume the consequences and you will
to be scaring with
that's never true all the time
I've been following Javi and the whole
life I have liked the gossip I have known
a group of people who are so
far from understanding well what a is
gossip for what they do and how they do it
behave or These are their attitudes
mafia of all of them you know I'm going to you
tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to take out for
that you already have it, you don't have it
present because he who has present is
This but man we have passed Already coo no
I want to mention no one but let's see
We've had a big deal with YouTubers
each one is enormous
fat vetches Of course we have had a
lots of Javi and people who have
behaved and played very dirty too
Of course, but what he says is true.
Elena that these people do not understand what
It's a gossip of I throw you, you throw me
us
we answered we have
I've had people who have gone to him
gossip has been very good for gossip
take things from other people but when you
but to touch them
we have had a lot
movement is these people What happens is that
They are with smaller vocabularies and some
more peculiar moves and are another profile
of people who seem to have
more complicated lives are worth it. And
then there are things to be made clear
That's what happens now friends
Tania's what they are saying is clear
who finds it very strange that Loli doesn't attack Nuri
Cris and what about there being a plot?
That's what Tania's friends are now like.
It seems very strange that Loli doesn't answer clearly.
He answers: There is a conspiracy.
eh Maybe you can't expose it And
How about we can also ask you what
such is loneliness on certain occasions
How to carry vale natania
Come on, [ __ ] with all your boobs.
expose my family again if you have
Chichi family to play tooth for tooth
tooth and eye for an eye remains as I had
tell me what you want
wins but she and apart
you said no
Tania Inspector wants the light to come out
G listens
Well, if it was me who put it
he
audio was me now what do you think you
I can have
You scoundrels are a fear
scoundrels
Hey, it was Tania, that day you went home.
I've been saying on a channel that you had been
the panties have fallen. Well, see if they
you recover eh And you put that which I don't want
come to light
come on
Listen to me. Give Loli some balls. Yeah.
I'm telling you seriously, let's go
Give Loli some balls, Loli is a Loli.
a camic uncle no no there is nothing there is no
Nothing is without Mola, he doesn't care about anything. Yes
This one doesn't matter, this one doesn't matter, this one doesn't
He has his head, it doesn't matter, good Tania
will know what he has told her Although she
Even if they don't tell him anything, we won't go either.
she can say any nonsense
But Tania will know what he has told her.
But what do you think he will do to Tania?
So, I think that is not the way to keep quiet.
very hot Tania is one of those who
Tania warms up and also warms up from the
that is
cojona But how scared are you going to be of him?
Loli, what did you say? You see, what did you say?
insulting you more is not going to do anything to you
make man I think it's going to be
warm up if you
if you get scared with that you're going to get scared
scared of everything is that with the with the
each tana with certain things is not going to
want this to be known because this is already
It's like people are going to say, well, of course.
but it is something in life that
Tania is not separated from us either.
It doesn't matter to us, I don't know if it would be
who has done something, who has plotted something
I don't know about the back
I see separation as nonsense in the
in case Tania is not here
with
couple that doesn't change anything
no, I don't know, that's what I'm saying.
It's a topic I go for popcorn I go for
Little dove, I have no [ __ ] idea about that topic.
I don't know what Loli is talking about, I'm sorry.
Deep down I see the daughter of a [ __ ] who
I carry inside me although I would never say
nothing but of course I enjoy it like a
girl girl after what after let's see
Anyway, let's see it in two ways.
see also I tell you one thing in the case
that I took it out I put myself in the shoes
right now if it were Tania in the case
that he took it out is a reality that is not
that Tania Esti has nothing to do with
go ahead so I don't screw up
I will accept your
sorry but of course it is clear to see
a reality This is that to see the
reality is what it is
What happens to me is that I know what I'm telling you is
that I can't do little because I don't know what I don't
It was my fault, it was the comment that
made dawn Thank you very much for the
super chat leave the topic leave the topic
clear it up there a kiss king many thanks
stop talking about the one of the
Nobody's children out there, of course, YouTube no
That's what these practices are very good for.
dirty, let's see if I were Tania
Of course, if I were Tania, I would do it for you.
take out the Loli but if it is that
I already hinted if I were Tania in this
specific case would take the attitude
Camic understand me Camic eh Loli I
I'll put it forward and say this.
this and this see you later And here is your
audio that I didn't want to publish
Now come for more but well there is one
thing I wouldn't give him the option to me
can
be
extorting with silence or a story
You don't know what I think about you.
She normalizes it and no longer has a weapon.
against Tania if Tania says Well then yes
There is reality and that's it. I don't know about it.
Well, you know what I think is happening
cooking up a call to Loli right now
Huerta is calling I think now or in
this moment in private t yes yes yes yes
Tania but no, she hasn't blocked you. No
I don't think it's good if you have it blocked
on WhatsApp but call anyway, let's see. Ah
Tania had to open a live show tomorrow.
and give Tania for little health none and
You too, take it for a ride. That's it.
If they don't have a man to see you with
we opened
Direct Yes with us but with Loli
It doesn't occur to you with Loli, it doesn't occur to you with
Loli no she didn't do it before she's going to do it
now but let's go it will remain if not
Reply to This is going to be like a
damn Tania is already with the others if
He has called us from all the others and that
Well, that's it, it doesn't matter if he doesn't respond.
this will look like a pain in the ass and I know
it
I will remember the nurse from
Goats have good eyesight, huh?
goat nurse is here
goat nurse the nurse of
goats is here where you don't put it
on screen do not put it in
screen
ah
host
Ah
wow, one side doesn't know about the other side
It would be clear that what it is
I was going to tell you that I was going there.
that they have sent me a few minutes so that
They put them in disdain that what was going to happen to you
say we don't know if what Tania says
having Loli is enough
strong enough to go that Loli does not
is stopping is that Loli is LoL no
not at all
It doesn't matter and then he says he lies and goes
with other lies. Well, Loli gets it
Maybe everything I said I was saying
that Loli had relaxed with it
de la Tania was saying
I told you that I don't think so.
I had seen that as she goes with a little
She has lag
It's still been two or three days and still
three or four days and I hadn't caught this one
At one point I was surprised that Loli was passing by
for this reason This for
stop that you make him a bet so that he
I threw myself like a little bull at the rag, Tania.
pajama direct
not there a couple Open a direct and we
account that and you deactivate Oli now for
tomorrow
They're not telling me that they're very strong.
Ah, about Loli, well, I
Imagine one day my husband saw me around here.
who was talking loudly shouting and passed by and I
said for
voos s Yes of course it will be Why
It will be because it will be it will have to be
It will be But I would go ahead with her
and I would leave the threats aside, okay?
It doesn't matter to him, it's very simple
easy fear If you think that I have
fear I don't and
you
No
They haven't told me to put another one
But what did you tell Tania that I
Husband passes by here, sees me, what does he want?
say
I scream a lot there
as J no no her husband will see her and say
Look how calm she is with her Rayito
of light calling children of
[ __ ]